Are any of the babies deformed ?
Colorado Aspen has his best music festival and you can sit on the hill where it is and play as much as you want .
You can buy almost anything on eBay .
Everyone wants to get laid .
Not 50 cent and fools like his whole team . These people give hip hop a bad name .
and what I saw , no .
I want to be on TV .
Do not let anyone determine fate but yourself .
50 is just going with the flow .
The blind Ku Klux Klan was hilarious .
Lauren Hill and Mary J . Bilge . 411 albums that sound . in the older genre of music .
Do you have a two-pound brick ?
I 'm just going to go and ask another stupid question .
This is really good for a man who does not like romantic movies .
I can still see my brother is 45 in my head .
In my day Emo was a comedian .
Why sit and listen to Locke , Jack or Sid ?
I like the PM going door to door looking for the girl .
Every time I hear that song , it upsets me .
That is the stupidest thing I have seen in years .
It is a long way from the messiah when I 'm dead .
I might see them in a couple of months .
That is why they need to open the hatch door so badly .
He should be in jail .
I think she is very good in this movie .
Nicole Kidman , I love her .
Oh my goodness , I love that song and I am listening to it right now .
Tell him you want to make it a threesome with another hottie .
No , no , that is a witness .
In any case , Shonjump.com is cool , and Fireshadow ninjas are cool .
I think they do . It is a shame not to .
I 'm a huge fan of Green Day !
four-eyed chicken . My son loves this movie . I have to watch it at least four times a day .
American Idol Season 5 . Who is your favorite ?
My age , gasoline prices , and my tan .
How on earth did you come up with these questions ?
Although I also agree , the women in the landlord is hall of fame are very attractive .
The blonde said it was excellent . They have already accused me of having a mysterious murder on my back for the first time .
I am looking for the lyric to `` Breathe Me  '' . does anyone else like that song ?
I love the 80 ' s Hair
It does not look cute or anything like that .
I remember the whole song . Oh , my God .
Open your mouth a little bit .
( I know , that one is very old . )
The Who ( I think ) Soft Cookie Band is all I know .
Are you referring to the question directed to the Kentuckybeaty2000 question ?
It is people . four legs ( like a child ) , two legs ( walk ) , three legs ( night stick ) .
Brian asked the coolest question , but they suspended him , I do not know why it is like that .
Because you have no reason to be .
Do not eat a hot dog , or watch the movie with your sister .
No , I have never seen your baseball player .
The blonde on the other side said , are you wailing on the other side ?
The girl said , `` No .  ''
The good old days are gone .
That body , and hey , those lips .
Or take a look at this as well .
I can not believe you asked that question , but I will answer it .
Why not , I can not imagine .
I think it is an ugly girl .
My dad looks like Paul Newman , and my ex looks like Uk .
I ca not believe you had to ask .
Your mother is so stupid that she takes a glass to see the punch .
He went crazy , hit Katie , and jumped on people ' s couch beds .
I hope this is for you kids , that grade is terrible .
Shamrock is great too ; do not get me incorrect ; but I love dark red .
I love goth people . What is up with goth people ? Go on a date with him
Why ? What is incorrect with his hair ?
I respect TiraBanks to try to run a show . but Opal has won .
My dad loves action movies , my mom loves romance movies , but I love comedy bars .
If I would be useful , I would come out and kick your butt !
The group discusses why you did not have a party .
to run off with two men is wives .
Try voodoo zombie magic , but of course you might turn into a fish instead of a baby .
I have a new pair of gold heels , earrings , and an eyeball bag of gold .
Virgo is very outgoing , so pick me as the best .
What is the wedding band , the finale ?
Nicole Kidman is better looking .
I 'd rather play World of Warcraft , but this .
Does anyone know where she is ?
I do not know how old you are ? You should be 18 to watch them .
That is by far the funniest joke I have ever heard .
Well , I 'm just glad they did not make us look at potholes .
I think they have a variety of genres .
Too many . too many Baldwins .
These two hillbillies , the ultimate boy , played the glue freak .
Your mother is so stupid that she attempted to put Mr. and Mrs. in order using initials .
Dakota Fanning . I know she is only 12 , but she is famous .
I still watch home video systems . I kind of like the look on it .
Why does everyone keep asking this question ?
If a woodchuck had paid attention to his own weight , it probably would not have been dumped at all .
They do not have a second season on disk yet .
Then I saw some of his movies and he was great !
We Filipinos work hard , we speak English well . and we are very smart .
`` Additional  '' - what exactly is the question of Yungnebeatifu1 ?
American Idol , and American Idol , Dr . House , and Grey ' s Anatomy .
I am looking for new music to listen to .
Put salt in a sugar bowl .
I 'd rather listen to Billy Joel .
Why are you locked in the car , why do not you open the car ?
Maybe he just needs to improvise a little bit more .
I just do not care enough to check .
The man said , I can not take your money .
Jodie Foster , the greatest ever .
When you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll , you are on a roll .
Yes , I love both of them .
I am sorry I answered your question , I do not know .
I do not hate him , but he makes my skin wrinkle .
It seems as if you have forgotten what is gentle and thoughtful .
I 'm not really saying he is cute !
because we are going to sing and sing again and again .
I would open the car because I am inside .
In any case , you can play Pete , Susan , Lucy , or Edmond .
The nut must be . although some mad season is coming to an end !
I like chicken wings and do not like eggs , so I will have grits .
Today I went to Best Buy and I have never seen the light of a TV series . That is all of them .
No doubt it is Kevin Costner , have you forgotten about Futurama ?
Still have not dug it up .
You are not stupid ! , You are just lacking in knowledge .
Both - it is my fantasy that I can do anything I want !
Not like a child , but as an adult . I cry every time I watch it .
She is , without a doubt , the best .
It depends . usually they are related to your personality , but not the way you live your life .
I love Tara . Her show is great , but Opala ' s is just awesome .
But that was a good question .
There is no doubt that early material would fit the ska genre .
God made the chicken , then the chicken went down .
Is that crap wrestling still on ? @
Anyway . I do not think Jessica Simpson is smart .
( My girlfriend tried this on me last year )
I know some people who do not like them , but I am still stuck .
It keeps me awake at night , I have to know it is a pewter .
I would guess Beyonce , because Janey Lopez does not have a brain .
Cut the small talk . I 'm cooking .
Do not live off of it .
Do not allow drunken friends to have sex with zombies .
I would like to spank his cute little ass too His wife is so cute !
Calm down , my dear , everything will be all right in the end .
That is why we have to endure it .
Simple : fewer people like the Forbidden and Usama .
Try calling your radio station or go online and ask Kei-san .
Ebay . com you can find anything on ebay .
Can someone please give me this information ?
I love that movie so much , so good to see .
It is one of the funniest cartoons ever made .
It should be Dylan ' s song , but I do not know which one .
Yes , I think he might be .
Stupid , so you always need more or need another one .
I do not know what is the best ever , there are many that are good .
Yeah , well , it is a Korean singer . He is great .
The Great Eminem , the Great Eminem , the Great Eminem , and Carrie . If you have seen the creepier , you can also say `` Ai .  '' . ``
How can anyone hate Tom Cruise ?
That is a tricky question , it is important .
They both s*** . The Pangett rock band rocks , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock , they rock .
Especially when she laughs at Jessica Simpson is car wash .
It ' s not the same as a portable video game , but it ' s good enough to look like one .
I do not see what it has to do with who is better looking .
Juni , Pink Floyd , The Police , The Eagles , and Rush . Oh , my God .
Also , you can charge your IPod when you listen to songs .
I hope no one is offended : Blondie Jokes .
If so , what have they done to you ?
The actress picked Rizvan Spun and Zac Efron is so sexually !
I say Omarion . His hair , his clothes , his body , and a man tripping .
Your mother is so stupid that she placed a ruler on her pillow to see how long she could sleep .
So the rec . Gay is where the movie industry is .
Check out `` Nine Weeks and 1 / two  '' . The movie , Micheal Rourke Special !
Not sure what will happen , of course it will be good . !
so she could have dubbed Bates is mother
So the blonde goes home , gets on her knees and starts blowing the exhaust pipe .
Wayne , did Brady have to choke a bitch ?
Depending on your taste in music and what you actually like .
I love The City Sneeps songs , and IFI Only had a Brain . They are really good !
Next time , pick something more original and stronger .
Of course I was dreaming about Jenny .
So no , I do not listen to her anymore .
I would watch Brokeback Mountain with him all summer .
Why ? Oh , why do you ask ?
It is Tom Cruise . What do you expect .
They have rope for you to purchase .
I like Juni ' s Open Arms . but I like the Mariah Carey version better .
I almost forgot -- - @
Ask a better question next time .
I 'm going to the factory today .
Do you know if he is got any ?
Mine , well , I actually have some favorites .
Sure , but if you score more , you can ask for more .
Anyway , the movie was very lengthy .
This does not make any sense . Wait a minute . Oh , I get it . It is still no fun .
Yes , are you gay ?
I wish people could see beyond the zodiac .
She won first place in the school draft , and Kevin lost .
I think most American rap sucks .
She is talented and I would be disappointed if she did not win .
What kind of person are you to ask such a preposterous ( , check the spelling ,
The character I love is Jace . He is so cute .
You can not trust gossip .
No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
This TV show is a little weird .
Yes , yes , even I am bored here right now .
Well , I would probably pee my pants first , then I would have to come out of there .
I will have to pick new ones from the block .
I spend my money , to enjoy myself , and not lose more than I can bear . - I win .
I want a gentleman , but a man .
Then you can have all of your money back , or most of it .
I know it is cheesy . but I love the joke .
I agree . My turtle does it all the time . He is very healthy .
I 'm looking for technical protocols . Please , please , please .
Wow , I am really bad at observing .
She 's got a great body , but I do not know her heart . never heard of her or seen her inner beauty .
Your mother is so stupid that she attempted to drown a fishy .
* When * Can I have some medicine , please ?
La vie boheme and take me away from me
She asked , hey , how do you get to the other side ?
I wish you good fortune in your endeavor , Kat .
I can not remember the last time I turned on the television .
The kid is only , like , six or seven years old .
Me , but if I see any more questions about them here , I am going crazy !
But then he wanted to die . He said please !
Nicole Kidman is more beautiful and sophisticated and has more versatility as an actor .
I love acting . My friend says I am good at acting .
Explain to your parents that you really want to perform .
I would run away , but first I would beat them up .
I probably would not vote for him , although Melania would probably be the sexiest first lady ever .
No , she was sent home tonight .
Yes : `` Who does not want to marry Sexy Caspian Urban ?  ''
Maybe now it is over for dramatic effect .
50 cent is nice and has a tan .
I do not like rap because there are too many people .
The flatulence makes you drool .
Most of the time it is true .
Sarah , but he did not actually propose .
People just beat each other up and screamed and stuff .
A woman in my church named Lauren .
If that is the Teen Ninja Turtles , I would join them .
I do not always Rock and amp ; Scream and amp ; Fill the Up .
People are just slow and want his money .
But I wo not give up trying .
Fade down on Disney , see if there is anything else available .
Shit , I do not think it is special .
I will call you to help .
No , but I cried when Papa Simba died . before the mood stabilizing prescription drugs came out .
Fuel pipes have a lot of fun from today .
I was trying to see how things were going .
Why is not a hemorrhoid called an asteroid ?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette that heated the house .
If they do come back ( I hope not ) Good Luck to you !
My friend says if you learn the simplest four notes , you will be able to play a song .
If he is the one you want to be with , I 'd say go for it .
I really do not have a favorite movie guide .
I 'd like to keep the baby , but I 'm afraid he is going to be a freak . Any suggestions ?
Yeah , they are twins . and they are really good . and I think one is named Heather and the other is Haitian .
Additionally , it is very sexy for an older man .
This is Chuck Norris . and my name says so .
If my pet bird is too flabby , my pet cat might eat a raspberry .
`` She ' s Like the Wind  '' , sung by Dirty Dancing .
I hope this question does not come with booby traps , but I ' m reinventing .
I am guessing that he is an incredibly handsome man ( his wife is a goddess ) .
I love that show . I watch it all the time .
The police said this is your picture
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory are cool . Here are some of the other movies he has been in .
Oh , God , no . You 're a stupid person for asking that .
Just you . If you meet these people on the road , it does not mean you can take them all !
What if a dead man ran away from a cemetery ?
I was in a bunch of shows .
My son loves it and I also think it is cute .
# So tell me # You 're a funny , funny , funny , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy , dreamy . #
How dare he call her child an orphan ?
Because a lot of stories have hints that Archie married Betty Crocker .
It is like , it is so offensive to everyone .
I 'm going to see them in May , and I ca not wait !
Sounds weird , but try Goodwill store . They have many good ones that people do not want anymore .
Dress her up like a Cub Scout .
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Waylin is very good looking .
My favorite book is Fireshadow , Ninjas , Comic Book , Comic Book , etc .
Yo mama is so silly . She puts a red flower on her forehead and says she is trying to beautify her head .
My husband made me fall in love with it , but I did not watch it much this season .
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . Yeah , I guess not . I have really seen better .
Cry me a river do not know who the original singers are
Maybe I 'm just stupid , but I do not get it .
On my ninth birthday , I got the Miliwari chorus .
Have you heard of Kleenex ?
I know you have seen funnier , but it still makes me laugh .
I was once said to look like Timothy Hatton , but I was young .
It is very confusing to me , more like a mini movie franchise .
First of all , do not tell anyone . You know you will never forget it .
If he truly advocates Vegetarianism so much that it is a crime to eat animal shaped cookies , we can help him .
Jennifer Hudson - I look like anything .
If this is true , her sister is a giant .
My grandmother hit a girl with her cane .
I would go with kiwi girl because they are sarcastic and one-sided .
Haha , I think it turns red when he is angry . It turns yellow when it is cold .
Vince Vaughn . He is really super funny and very good looking .
Your mother is so stupid that when they said they sucked , she ran to get the toilet paper .
Well . if that is really you in the picture , then my guess is that 15 pictures in the chart , straight up .
Yeah , they are okay . Good song . Hey , hey , hey .
Because in one of her songs she talks about sexual oppression towards her boyfriend .
I have three : Gjkcenvb , typplmkeg , and jhdenbb .
And when there is no egg .
Modern music , of course , is paranoid .
You need to rent the sweetest things !
I wish the Sith or the Scorpions would come out and fight with me .
I think she did it for fame . I do not know about that .
Well , I would say Brad Pitt , if he did not break up with Jennifer Aniston .
She can go trick-or-treating on the phone .
A little kryptonite ca not be fixed . It is no big deal .
I think she is planning on leaving his butt .
Kelly , Katharine , Chris , Ace definitely .
The mask : `` I ' ve seen it a hundred times and I ' m still laughing .  ''
Very close camp , people stealing , and like 10 children died of an overdose .
Zero -- but free airfare , bed and bag / and day .
Kazza or Limewire . Also , I think Eztrackz is too .
Someone in the middle . the best in the whole world !
All of them are good movies . You can not judge .
Record them to an audio cd . which will turn them into a cda format , although some players do not play cdrs .
Oh , I do not agree with you .
Say , if you want to play the game , son , you have to learn to play it right .
If you have to ask , the answer is no .
Because they want you to buy 40 of each : 4 pack of hot dogs and eight packs of buns : --
Not that everyone hates him , but I hate him very much .
Additionally , she is a crazy * .
The order is . 1 . Chris Brown two . Bow Wow three . Omarion .
Okay , my opinion is that you should make your own .
I really do not want to hear that answer . oh , great , just follow your dreams , or something like that , you know .
I 'm looking for the DVD version of The Aladdin Cartoon TV series . where I can find Limewire .
If a brick weighs 1 . 5 pounds and you have 1 . 5 bricks , then the answer is two . 25 .
It all depends on what type of genre you like .
These animated studios do like orphans or especially if they are set up as orphans .
Because he thinks people need good comedy .
I like hip hop , rap , rock and pop music , but my favorite genre of music is R and amp ; B .
Yes , because he is Chan .
Yes , I am over seventeen years old .
The sound is great , and , uh , it is nice .
Who can think of so many `` V  '' words ?
My sister looks like Kalishma Kapoor , a very famous Indian film star .
And , without a doubt , comic books used to be and will always be good .
It is a way to keep it out of your system . so do not be foolish and use it wisely .
Anything that inspires positive feelings .
A minute or so later ( I hate to say this )
The egg is frowning and looks a little bit angry .
He ca not wipe his own ass , but he is smart enough to talk .
Alan Moore is complaining that .
I love the guitarist and how can they solo ?
Did you really pay to see that ?
You better fall in love with them because they really are the most attractive boys there !
I can visit pornography even with Norton is antivirus software .
If she is not interested , it is her loss .
You do not understand because you are blonde .
Yeah , what the hell is that ?
See if this baby drools from both sides of his mouth .
Why limit yourself to one thing ?
Between , because you want a man who knows what he wants and treats you right .
I 'm just talking about faith . There is no other .
Diary of a crazy black woman . This movie is very sad .
I know , it is a tune !
Make sure there is a hottie in there that is helpful .
I would get three digits .
Lynn , because she is the funniest .
Online ringtones are never free .
Saw is ten times better than Saw2 .
Your mother is so stupid , she thinks Lawsuit is the outfit you wear in court .
I have Milli Vanilli and a group of Air Supply songs . haha .
what about a romantic movie ? In other words , a female movie .
He asked again , slightly annoyed , and a girl replied , no .
Of course she is stupid . Her husband does not even love her , she is too weak .
So what kind of President do you think he 'd make ?
I was worried when you came to me .
What kind of animation do you do ?
I also hate rbd . they are all a bunch of old men and family dressed like high school kids .
Maya is husband - Darnell , because he is so cute .
Do you mean all the actors who played Superman ?
Do something like something that will make you happy and also make your pet bird excited .
Simple plan of course you like them better !
I really like true love waiting for this song .
I am glad Gideon Guy is gone , he is irritating .
Yes , it turned me into someone ' s hose .
Tupac would not go for that man .
Let is hope it does not eat your nuts from the inside out .
I think he would be loved more if he was less outspoken about politics .
Try Limewire . com for free , but you have to download yahoo .
Of course . animal cookies are baked to be both delicious and delicious .
It is one of my favorites .
You may not have read a good book by Doyle Brunson .
I did not choose them in the first place .
I just saw the MC movie .
I do not know and did not watch it .
It depends on what kind of music you like . If you like rap you should listen to 2pac my unborn .
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard .
I know what they are called . It is called a titty twister .
I would like to play CDS on the vehicle ' s CD player and Walkman .
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gas money .
I am indeed a girl , but only lesbian pornography can bring up my points .
Do not worry , I 'm with you .
I would probably drink everything out of that damn bar and even think you are attractive .
I 'm sorry , I still have not seen it , but other people have . I have ruined it .
An odd question : I do not like either of them , but Salvador Dali definitely has more talent .
Yes . how did you put the beans on top of Frank ?
I do not think they can eat gummi bears either .
People should not fear the government . Governments should fear their people .
They are only interested in expressing what they like and then creating vivid tunes : arpeggios .
I do not want to have a funeral on my honor , anyway . Thank you !
There is a brunettes team and a blonde football team .
I do not mean to be mean , just to inform you :
She is as flirtatious as the others .
American comedy duo Cheech and Chong in Smoke .
I have too many . However , Maroon 5 and Lifehouse are my absolute favorites , including all of their songs .
I like his music . but it is so catchy that people accuse him of molesting children .
The songs you like happen to be their favorite song lyrics .
It ' s kind of sad , because I grew up with one .
Uh . again . uh . if you want to see a hot man , check out Ville Valo or Barmajira .
I have worked in the yachting industry for 30 years and met many celebrities .
My choice would be Milli Vanillie , and Vanilla Ice , and Snow .
Say , if you are going to play this game , son , you must learn to play it correctly .
Right now , there are thousands of men in the world who dream of dating her .
The rabbit 's foot only works on people , not where they come from .
TECHNO SIMPLY GRAB YOUR SPINAL CORD AND FORCE IT TO RELAY .
It is very funny , but it has perverted humor .
It was a completely feminine performance .
I used to work for the government .
A man asked , `` So , where is the fox from the mystery pizza ?  ''
If she has a cane , then you can run without worrying that she will catch you !
I still am . Alia is a good singer . I miss them .
Your mother is so stupid that she thought it was a game show for obese people like chuby checkers .
Yes , we are trying to make ourselves happy .
Little by little . you have won my love .
I have never heard of it . Sorry .
Steelers Wheel . Watch the movie Underdog .
I would have to say white chicks and mute and grunge .
Hey , that would be a great comic for Gary Larson . two pigs in bed watching the rescue .
Eric Springer B / C David Letterman is a y lol .
No , I am sure Paris or Mandisa will win .
Thank you . I am gay too , that is why I asked .
For a passionate , romantic rock song .
Because you met them on the road , but that does not mean they are with you .
Yes sometimes when I need a lot of help .
It would have to be mp3 and be able to play on iTunes .
This perfect man knows who I am and agrees with me .
So far , I have not heard that she is back here .
He is been traveling the world , so he is become a cop with a lot of postcards .
Why are these men so rude to my girlfriend ?
That would be Rubber Soul , revolver , and Sgt . Pepper ' s Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Wow , that was a hard one .
I like Harry Potter ,
I do not know . but I think they would be as miserable as the current Rolling Stones .
What do you mean , get close to you ?
My kids and I love that show .
He made me a dinner :
That is great . Yeah , I listen to those songs every morning !
The Elves say they have three wishes , one for each of them .
Have you heard of the mad season ? If not , you really should listen to it .
Yeah , sometimes it is fun to read them and always remember something positive and forget the negativity .
Girls feel they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them , but it is just not right .
He is the heart of all of us .
I have no / can not have an outgoing life .
I quit when I was 30 .
Please do not make me list all of these .
My favorite movies include Manchurian Candidate , Mean Girls , Oh , yeah , Mona Lisa ,
He chose Sarah , but it is rumored that they have broken up .
Tell him and let him know that you want to marry him .
Girlfriend is one of my favorite TV shows .
Plus , his girlfriend is a singer too .
Best Buy has a lot of hard movies and TV shows that are hard to find .
Do we really want them to get together ?
You could also try : Wedding Crashers or 40-Year-Old Shoes .
Shut the f*** up , Cherie Rat .
A brunette , a blonde , and a redhead walking down the street .
She saw a blonde on the other side .
I hope that answers your question
Treat me like a gentleman , unless needed to behave .
I like them and their wives are so cute .
Now think of all the money he is saving for himself , how many people he is hurt .
Second , I would choose the yellow card , then Simple Plan and Bowling Soup , and finally Red Hot Chili Peppers .
I think the stars have a horrible influence .
There is a funny joke about rap .
Tom Cruise is in it . to me it looks like the definition of a trashy movie .
I do not know , but they look great together .
She has more movies . What does Katie have ? - Like three ? 5 .
She used to be a little girl is pet .
Additionally , I would very much like an answer .
I do not look back at another song by Gary .
Who are you looking for ? Is it me ?
I 'm just trying to pull the wobbly bits off ! Whoa , whoa , whoa .
I did not realize you were a cop .
Oh yeah , is it two dimensions or three dimensions ?
I am a vegetarian , however I love them both .
I do not know , but it is a very good song catch-up .
I bet he will be better than Bush .
Try pureVolume . com . you can download mp3s for free .
A man who went to my husband is school . and prepared . a urine sample .
I missed it last night . but I wanted to see Kevin walk .
Yo , I just got a mp120 and I am looking for good websites ( free or paid ) to download .
Is this zombie your boyfriend or . ?
All scientology rituals , rules or other ones are strange !
Paris is Queen of Bimbo , Jessica is just one of her many yellows .
They stop sucking blood after you drive the mosquitoes away .
Name your favorite actress or male actor .
Try riding a horse , I heard that horseback riding is dangerous . and that Christopher Reeves did die .
I do not like them . they sound really stupid .
A word of advice to Hollywood : Stop remaking the classics .
You could be referring to a condominium from the 1980 ' s .
I do not know , maybe you can look it up on her website .
When you put the brick down , it will not follow you .
I wanted to make a gun that day . That is not my haha .
I believe they are sometimes , but you should not let your life revolve around them .
I feel that if you are famous , you do not have enough time to sit around and answer questions .
One of them is Aishwarya Rai , an Indian Rai .
There were many attractive things in the 1980 ' s .
I just want you to know that I love Superman .
I recorded a lot on tape , but I watch DVDs .
Yes , I have seen it and it is very cheesy .
I love Green Day and I am a huge fan .
Mine is not funny . and I do not think she likes it either .
They are a very good band . I kind of like them .
Guns N ' Roses . why does Alex ' s ego destroy the foundations of rock music our generation ?
Tara , she is much prettier than that .
It is a great thing to have a man that is nice to you , but it also has gangster behavior .
A very close friend of mine is a Karate .
If you are referring to the number of band members , the answer is three , but zztop has two .
Many of my friends would think of them as well .
Do you know a good place to be a movie star in New England ?
I like boys that are a little bit bad ( have tattoos , etc . )
Your mother is so fat . that when she was thrown into the air , she got stuck .
I think it is Edwin Staten .
Pretty big , if you are chewing a bubble .
All I need is money , and love .
It is about how he did not leave or did not sell her out .
It really is eight miles .
Baby Angel ( by Mr . Capone ) because it reminds me of my grits .
Everyone here who says they love American Idiot is incorrect .
Let me guess . You 're a Republican .
Does anyone know the web address ?
So you can dump him .
But . shooting anyone would say that .
I will go first , but I do not have to give in , after me , I promise to at least ten more .
Lavina Tanton is known to be abusive , so be careful .
What about when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dunn in ' Coyboys ' ?
It takes a while to get used to it .
Use a tissue , and then bam !
He sounds like a nice man to me .
They know they did not get a good seat : confused .
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg . Haha is a song from the Beastie Boys . Egg Man .
With the exception of AC / DC , they kick butt . Also Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time .
7th Heaven is okay , but it is not pertinent at all .
Imagine what this man can do . and then he or she can get away with it .
Spitty Gonzalez is annoying and Tom and Jerry are so naive .
'Slide ' and ' Keeping Life ' are both good movies .
I went to St . Ives . this man and all his problems went in the other direction .
If they are like most , they should change their advertising companies .
As he was cleaning the ashtray in his room , he exclaimed , `` Here is a honey pie for you .  ''
This question reminds me of that song .
It is so sexy , but I love Twinkie .
My favorite is George Clooney . and he is very good looking .
but it is time to move on .
Only by sharing programs , such as Limewire .
I enjoyed it . and I also liked Veronica Marten .
Please do not tell anyone what I told you , okay ?
Thank you again from the state of New York .
Your age . dude , that one is a little old .
At this point , Rie-rie is definitely worth a point , well done .
Well . did you know that the Beta team from Ya want to answer these questions .
I do not think so , but . it is better to throw out a reasonable name than to give me an honest answer .
You ca not play the banjo without the banjo .
Lynn took these words off my keyboard .
Yes . I tried another dress . ( Not Micky , I just smile when someone takes pictures of me . Haha .
I love both girls , especially Aaliyah , who are smiling in Heaven : U2 .
From McCartney and the likes of Lindsay Lohan .
For men it should be Chris Ace or Taylor , but for women it would be Mandisa Catherine Lisa .
That ' s funny . My family is nothing like that .
He is still his music or both .
If there was a boxing match between them , rock would win .
Unlike the awkward way a wayward child yelled at his father and skateboarding .
Some of the information I saw on the television show that he did , is that a fact ?
jumping on the current , making the word so vague that it hardly has any definitions anymore .
I admire Abercrombie and my IDs .
Paris Hilton is a mindless , talentless , vicious , despicable , contemptible whore .
Perhaps you can use these again next year .
How much does it weigh ? You 're right !
Are you a fan of theirs or something ?
I , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Simple Plan , Bowling Soup , Yellow Card or Fallout Boy .
I am almost positive that it is grrrrrrrrrrrrrr .
Friday , next Friday , next Friday , or White Chickens .
The blonde tossed around in her purse and could not find it . Then asked , what does my driver ' s license look like ?
That is a song by me and my boyfriend !
What do you mean , `` bad  '' ?
Snoop , going home is the best !
No , I do not , but it may be out of jealousy .
I did not used to watch his movies because I did not think he was good looking .
I have always liked Green Day since Dookie and I still do , like , like them !
My brother looks like an ugly Kathy Bates .
He may be weird , but he is not a jerk .
Your mother is so stupid that she stole a free breadstick .
Get a webcam and record it yourself and put it on YouTube .
Haha . get real . Chris ' number looks like an encore song from a Genesis concert .
I am going to have to go with Cows Chop .
A drunk person goes crazy and says , `` Screw you .  ''
We spell `` Color  '' Colour `` and also is it not C O . Lin Powell is C . O . Lin Yung .
I like Lonely Nation and Gollum .
I believe it is at the end of the third movie .
I used to love him , not anymore , but I really do not hate him .
Roll them into a tight ball and then flick off this horn .
Singing in Charlie ' s Angels can not touch this , but I do not know who sings it . Please help me .
He can only hear the person breathing . Inhale , inhale , inhale , inhale and inhale .
He needs to respect . me and my people .
He needs to put his hands where he belongs .
I do not know , but the soundtrack is unpleasant .
8 miles is good , but very old .
I am not gay just to let you know , but you should already know Beyonce is always more attractive .
You can research it on Google . You can also try Best Buy and Blockbuster .
It is a full house , or it is a fresh Bellevue .
Does anyone know the website to look for actors ?
It all depends on where you get your horoscope from .
Mine is Sublime , they are really superb .
I love the song Stupid Girl
He left , but never came home .
I do not know . the person I invented these names had add _
Your mother is so stupid that she attempted to post a letter containing food coupons .
I like classic rock , but I listen to everything but rap music and never listen to rap .
Count me in , I can not remember their name .
. there is only one man that would do that .
I mean , you are yelling , not singing .
It depends on your ability to perform miracles .
It is Paris Hilton , but I do not like any of them .
It did not come out for the reason of the game . and it will not be another episode until January 27th , I think . I can not wait .
Your mother is so stupid , she thought a quarterback was a tax refund .
Your mother is so unintelligent that she got hit by a glass and told the police that she was robbed .
I 'm sure . It is a pleasure , Stacee .
We are going on a picnic .
My ass is burning . wow , you smell so good .
What is your favorite movie and why ?
I really enjoy the Enchantment and the Pixies and all of his other movies .
But wait . are you gay or not ?
He was hanged ; was that really the water under his feet ?
He might say something like , `` We are not real .  ''
Jessica Simpson is a babbling fool .
Because Kevin and Katherine are starting to wonder .
It could be Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt . although in actuality they both s*** .
Michael Jackson does not have another hit album anymore .
I enjoy watching Twinkies with my boyfriend .
It is a little nifty . - I might try it myself .
The Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be creepy . I love Horror Hits .
You do not have to pay . Limewire is free .
Favorite band - Dream Theatre ' s favorite song - constantly changing .
I 'm pretty sure it is him .
They are not . they are just entertainment . it is a stupid competition .
I love her and she would surprise me . I hope she rests in peace .
The parents stopped and his mom got out of the car quickly and put the covers over her .
I have a VCR that I have never used . so the DVD is out and it is going to last .
Rap music has too much pornography and curses .
He jumped out of his skin and had a heart attack .
He said , `` He is a bad man .  ''
I like her funny , but they make her kind of slutty and she is a freeloader .
Southern Gentlemen of the Southern Beauty : U2
Zep is the accomplice to the main killer .
This website once said something about a sequel , but I am not sure when it will come out .
I do not want your opinion . - I need your source .
Only the stars . He and I , he would be my sex slave . Go to a . can not end . It is cliche .
She flips the crocodile over and yells , `` Holy crap , this crocodile does not have any shoes either !  ''
When you just sit around and do nothing , just watch TV or something .
Who would laugh at an orphan ?
For example : John likes to collect cartoons directly from Japan .
Until the next season of the show .
Still struggling to get up off the floor .
Just pretend that you did it before and then prove that you are strong .
It means that they both have green peices .
Who do you think is better ?
Yes , I feel like I am an attractive person .
I do not have a favorite band , but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey .
She is an excellent athlete and tomboy , but that does not make her a homosexual .
I ' m a huge Superman fan . I bet you can tell by now .
I do not know if everyone is , but I am .
My friend is talking about me because I am constantly yelling and screaming at my apartment .
Why do you only have a brick and a half ?
I think they took it .
He took a nice Catholic girl and turned her into a Scientologist , Katie Holmes is very ignorant .
The DVDs are all over the world !
Personally , I do not like an artist better than another artist , R . D .
Because there is no such thing !
Gretchen Wilson . I think she is hot .
Randy can be a little odd . and Paula can be a little wimpy . and Simon can be a little cruel , sometimes .
It does not make any sense to me .
Never trust the false
Never been kissed . Well , not really , but it was just the one I was watching .
I agree because I enjoy listening to it occasionally .
It is obviously hypothetical , although I feel strongly about other points of view .
It is a bit like a Young John Valjean movie , Brokeback Mountain .
I do have the cassette , but I would like the cd version of that album .
I am sure you will both enjoy it .
Stop the zombies in the city .
No , but I know a man who does .
Your boss likes you , maybe a little over the top , but be careful .
It is all about fear factor baby
Email me and maybe we can be friends .
What did the beaver say to the wood ?
I thought it was him too , but I ' m not so sure yet .
If everyone ' s hands were up , you would have to have a green dot .
Not me , but I have been in an orchestra before .
I wipe them on the floor or on the bed .
Put her in a circular room and tell her to go sit in the corner .
The self-image of yourself does not sound good at all . You should work on that .
He just wants to go to eat .
No , I find this man to be disgusting .
I can . I 'm not vain , but I do not . I 'm beautiful .
Of course you should keep the baby . It is your fault that you wanted to play , but now you get paid for teaching .
If Freud can do it , I believe the Beatles can or can not .
Sleepy , grumpy , sneezing , slow , shy .
Tell them the phone bill and the rent is due .
Shooting them turned into a long time joke . What has seven arms and sucks ?
A muffin looked at the man sitting next to him and said . Oops , it is too hot in here .
I will not let either of them out of my bed .
He better not let her .
What the hell ? Your picture looks terrible . Do not dress like that and people might think you are gay ( no offense )
I have the latest . I can get movies , music , pictures , and documents .
Go buy the soundtrack !
Additionally , she needs to get a real job .
So if there are people who really understand that movie , can you let me know what it is about ?
The Police Band . She does everything she does .
Pilots Inspectors , Rainbow , All Celebrity Children ' s Names , and a few others that I can not remember .
What have we done to these people to make them so violent ?
Even though there are love songs in the Cure , most of their music is dark .
I like Rhythm and Blues Choir .
It makes me happy : ( I like Gene Carey ) : U2
He does not need any change .
Your mother is so stupid that her shoes are labelled tgif , which means `` Toes Head Forward  '' .
I would like to meet my favorite band , I am very fond of rap music , especially Reliant K Jaws .
Another option is the answer given by the Toronto Zoo `` a woodchuck can not chuck wood  '' , which is not a high quality answer .
At the end of the finale , the chicken sounded like a Weeee .
So far , I have not lost a single thing .
I like Rudy from when the little girl was and Theo from high school .
I am sure it is a funny show , but I just do not really care for it .
I will always remember TLC . because they made the national anthem for girls and I do not want to be scraped .
I like Joan because she is most like me .
He gave us a song to keep on dreaming and many of us have done it .
It depends on how much gum you chew and the brand you chew .
Showgirls , yes . I tore up the line , but it is true .
I do not think she ever thought :
You really do not want to meet a woman in a bar . Have a good weekend !
You are not . You are just lacking .
Try downloading 360 on your computer .
Hahaha , it depends on who the elders are and why they hit me with vines .
The Chinese get Rizza , Jizza , and Ghostface Killers !
Other than that , I can not think of anyone else .
Do you mean the speed of the hour ?
Your mother is so stupid that she got stabbed in a gunfight .
The new star of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
But if you have cash , buy a Taylor or Martin .
Come on , you do not understand . At least I have Peggy Sue . Peggy , where is Sue ?
I think it is a wonderful show .
Why has no one mentioned evil death !
Jesus Christ looks like me .
Maybe you mean men in uniform .
So it must be a chicken .
I would pretend to fight them and then fall down and play dead .
Easy - Shakespeare ' s love , Romeo and Juliet ' s romance . But Paris Hilton followed closely .
But Paris Hilton is close behind .
But he has a little slang for his walks . ( Not sure .
All right , that is all you got .
Your mother is so ugly . that the police gave her a ticket for indecent photographs .
You must be too young , otherwise you would know .
I thought it was funny . What was it about ?
I do not know . I do not know .
They are not Bieber , Jesus is considered a genius .
And they are always eating pizza bars in the neighborhood .
All my votes went to Taylor Hicks .
What are you and Dad doing ?
Hi , I think you mean psychic .
I like Superman prequels , so I would like to see who else likes Superman prequels .
Some songs are 1 / two Steps of Ciara .
Two points for that one .
She has an IQ of 155 , so Paris is not stupid .
When you do not talk or go out , maybe your relationship has never started .
If you look at this , you ca not go incorrect !
I know who Bam is .
The sound of the two together , wow . I really like the sound ,
Do you know the drummer from Blink 182 ?
I think it is like , forever or something like that .
Call the information and they will give it to you very soon .
Just because I am a girl . I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas .
I ca not sleep . I need to know .
I guess that means Simon likes blondes .
I mean , who is afraid of pretty women ?
For me , it is definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie .
I love all the characters , Bill Cosby is so funny and not so rude .
I do not know who Will is .
I do not think he likes it .
Neither . not one of them .
Celebrities are the reason why there are so many anorexic girls these days .
How would you feel if someone threw a funeral for you when you are 60 or 70 ?
I am listening to it right now .
Angelina Jolie is hotter !
Why do not you urge the station manager ?
Your mother is so stupid that when she went to Disney and saw the sign Disney left , she turned around and went home .
What are you and Dad doing ?
I love them all , they are so in love , who else would fall in love with Blink 182 ?
I just saw it last week .
It is funny , that is what I like about it .
Who knows . I think it is their time .
If that is the case , you can wait a little longer , right ?
In an interview , boss ; what is your wife ' s name ?
I do not blow or blow on anything , but I f*** rock .
I thought it was Missouri .
I choose Angelina Jolie , although it is too bad she stole Brad from Jennifer .
I also think Naomi Watts dress is weird and too big for her .
Rap , rock makes me shimmy .
I would love to see either of them win .
I bought about a thousand pieces of merchandise with my dad .
Tom Wylin . looks like the all-American Rejects singer . to the _
I do not think so . I do not hate them .
I do not even need to be gay .
What kind of person hosts a funeral ?
Thank you for allowing me to vent about this terrible band .
I would definitely choose my chemical romance without hesitation .
I do not believe that anyone can find a single song they at least like .
Tell him you think you might be pregnant .
Duran , Madonna , The Girl Band , Alabama , Exiled . How can I forget The Air Supply Band !
I do not trust your mother at all .
Your mom has to get on the guitar .
And I do not want you anywhere near me .
The blonde in the boat said , this is , like , a sea of wheat .
Okay , honey , do not let it get to you .
He is a businessman . He can spend as much as he wants .
Hoopz does not want a yellow horn at all .
Stop posturing and get on with your life !
They are all terrible . Paris is stupid without talent . Jessica has lost her mind .
The last song I like by Madonna is American Pie . sorry - her time is almost up .
I do not believe Britney is stupid , although some of the things she may have done are stupid .
It is one of the best songs .
Depending on the gum you are chewing .
I like Ne-Yo ' s . It is so gross .
However , he would have to be a gentleman because he has a good job and is well paid .
She 's the best talk show host ever .
Kevin . I do not really watch American Idol .
Beyonce because she is younger and dances better .
Especially when the chick ends up chasing the man .
I do not even think that is a song .
Oh yes , he is very sexy .
Aerosmith , Def Leopard and AC / DC . Sorry I have four ; Boston is also Yahoo .
If you ask me , I would feel a little excited .
I like Jennifer Love Hewitt . she is awesome , her birthday is one day later than mine !
Why would they want to sound British ?
Not everyone hates him , but that is why some people hate him .
I do not think there is a chord like that .
Put the kettle or clamshell in his underwear or dedererant ( not sure ) .
Your mother is so stupid , she thought she needed a token to get on the telepath .
50 cent movies are either rich or die , or Eminem ' s 8 Mile .
Tiny Taser stun gun . Great gift for a wife .
However , it would be cool if they made an episode of special reunion or something ( I love that show ) .
What are you doing back there ? Let is go !
Zac Efron , he is the hottest man alive .
That damn Burger King is creepy .
Not me , but I know a lot of those who do .
And you can post your information for free .
I can not wait to see that new movie .
If you do not like them , please do not be rude .
Well , I am very fond of Lucius Malfoy .
Toto looked at the Lone Ranger and said the doctor said you 'd die for sure .
Ticket prices for the movie several times a week are ten dollars a note .
But I have one more question : Your mother is so fat that she has to be baptized at Sea World .
Rachel Fuller - Maybe in my heart .
Then I transferred to Nsnyder , and now I 'm listening to Stephen .
Haha . They are obviously stupid , not just confused .
Moriarty , wait , but who produced this Peruvian play ?
Well , I guess it is not a real book , but it is a long comic-book book .
I would be different and say vagina ( not sure )
All I need is the name of the movie .
To hell with . they are one of the best bands .
We call it moo , she calls it lingle .
! `` How do you know that blondes have used a computer ?  ''
I do not believe anyone cares .
Yes , sometimes I come home late .
Dream Boulevard , and the song from the end of September wakes up .
She used to hang out with a lot of men .
Rock , we have heard more great rock stars , but not very great rappers .
My little brother would ask such a question .
From Hawaii Beach Guards and Jason Moa from the North Shore .
! I love all the CB movies and the bargain bargains .
Yes , there is a resetting .
They remind you of someone with whom you are with , more than you used to be .
I prefer a bad boy with a gentlemanly manner .
The California girl from David Lee . He previously worked with Van Halen .
It is one of the best original movies I have ever seen .
With a lot of therapy , you can even walk again . men driving down the road .
Oh , Green Day . What happened to you ?
Additionally , I read an article about her being the highest paid actress .
I do not know . I think it is the dumbest show ever !
Your mother is so stupid that she thinks the internet is what you use to fish .
Men are like wine , the longer it goes , the better it goes .
I have always been a fan of the Weezer Band . and I had to pick just about any of them .
I must have seen it in 1980 or something that barely remembers all the details . can someone help me ?
I believe it is Mc .
Perfect answer , do not you think ?
Good question . Simon stumped me too .
I did not miss an episode .
I asked you to say it , okay ?
You made a lot of money .
Big Fish , chronic future is a couple . plus classic AC / DC .
Talk to a Disney employee .
I am not a big fan of Billie Holiday .
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the Superbowl .
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car park for gas money .
There is not a word that rhymes with Orange .
It is a great band with great songs and lyrics .
Yes . try Aries . that is what I use .
If you would like to put your quarters where you live , I can give you a better rating .
I really liked that movie . Brad Pitt from that movie was not very good either .
But I did not pay him that much attention .
Is there a celebrity here ?
Go to Limewire . com to find out .
Captain Picard , I love bald men and his accent .
It did happen , just like Batman , when he got back on his feet , the blonde man took over for a while .
but with a gentle heart .
The brunette leader says to the blonde leader , `` What are you doing ?  ''
Or , you could cheat - it is the second easiest way to win .
Taylor Hicks . Why ? Because he is infectious . and Taylor Hicks has come all the way !
Can someone give me a hand ?
I like it because I like the show and she has been dead for four years .
Reminds me of an old song by the Beatles .
Purple and music . I think that is it .
He does not have a foot to crawl around .
The movie is Girls Basket Soundtrack .
I am with a gentleman , but he does not listen to anyone ' s nonsense .
Why did not he go to jail ?
Hahaha , yes , he is standing on a block of ice .
The Joker first appeared in the comics in the 1940 is Batman 1 .
By the way . I do think it is in French .
I can not wait to ask my husband !
Another thing you are looking for is ( does he have good feedback )
Rap . forever . I also love metal , rap / rock . love Lincoln Park . But regular rock sucks .
Oh , I do not know . The man said ,
You must listen to the song carefully .
A girl has a chicken and takes it on a roller coaster ride .
I have no idea what you are talking about .
She is not a very good singer either .
Maya , without a doubt , she is mean and gritty .
I just told you that .
There is a ZZ Top in ZZ Top .
Any movie Chuck Royce was in is a horror movie .
I hope not because it looks like shit .
Why post such an old joke ?
They did not do anything , however , perhaps it is the story line of the future .
Independence Day . more sci-fi , but could it be a disaster ?
No one needs to worry about this damn chicken anymore .
and gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it . and he thought it was hysterical .
I think more people hear about singing now .
A little love , a bottle of boxed wine , and the man .
I had that dream when I was ten . Now I remember .
You fool , you already have the name Star Wars .
She ' s beautiful and the music is good , I ' m a music freak , I have her and Destiny ' s Child CD Guide .
`` Cry , Cry , Cry , Cry  '' by Janis Joplin .
Okay , so is this going to happen in four thousand years ?
I 'm looking for a copycat costume in order to watch and purchase .
Hey , look at this website . They list a lot of TV sitcom genres .
Your mother is so stupid that she hung a phone up her butt and thought she was making a booty call .
I may like both songs , but the rest sounds like poop .
But he is so cute , plus he is older and I have always liked older bald men .
It ' s not the funniest , but it ' s really great .
So how many girls play the drums ?
Chris , all the way !
I like his music too .
Tell him you think you are pregnant , but the baby is not his child .
Crazy , sarcastic , Christmas Vacation is hilarious .
Just like the new HBO show Big Love .
Tori is much older than she is .
Yes , I used to be good , but now I am .
Have you met Steve Martin from the father of the bride ?
It is sung by a girl . I am more in need of you or something similar .
We can sing some good songs . There are no white songs like Metallica .
It has to be Chicken Little .
I turned my ears away .
Boy . ha . serious . uh . bones .
It is not that they are embarrassed , it is that they are bad .
If Geta is Ram , then who is Ram ?
Ghost Rider . he is from Hell . and I think it is a little dark in him .
The blonde on the expressway said that it is blondes like you that make blondes like me look so stupid .
You have 1 and two bricks 1 . 5 times 1 . 5 = two .
I swear I saw the crazy person who framed Tony at NCIS last night .
How do you impregnate a Catholic girl ?
How many songs , artists , and albums are there ?
I can pick things up with my toes . and my husband is really annoying .
She must be different now .
So I 'm guessing yours is not the only one .
I only ask because people act like they do not care .
1960 . It is still the same in reverse .
I would like to know what people are thinking because I do have the look .
Make up your mind , but I will .
What kind of question is that ?
Did you see him in that awful green striped football shirt ?
A few weeks later , they received a postcard from him .
No , but my wife likes to play .
( If it ' s an old car , roll down the window ) If it ' s not closed , roll down the window .
7th Heaven has smaller children and problems and things like that .
She 's become pathetic . She 's just . there .
I still turn my steering wheel and any rapper I can find .
No , but Peter Gabriel in Genesis .
Hey , hey , hey , hit me .
It happens naturally . Hey , I have had that happen before .
Two muffins roasting in the oven .
Oh , my God , it is drooling .
It is torture . How do you keep a burglar from breaking into your house ?
How many hit albums does she have ?
I would have to say . Farrel .
I think he is too sexy .
Ah , I love metallic hair . miscellaneous , poisons , cinderella , fast cat , slaughter , etc .
Oh , favorite classic movie is Golden Girls , can this be a classic ?
Yes , they are undoubtedly aware that you are a retarded idiot with a serious LSD problem .
Everyone gets a chance to ride her .
60 is a lot of fun , 80 is less fun .
He is a pain in the ass .
I knew you 'd ask that .
Abba of course . they ruled those days , even now I do not think they have lost their mania .
On this research project , I need to know
( I know how to read tab pages )
So I 'm glad I have this job to do .
No , if she survives , or any of her family will survive .
Yes , Rudy ( I think that is her name ) because she is good .
Yes , I love it . I am disabled due to Crohn is disease ; it gives me something to do .
I think she is cute . in that piece of shit car . I 'm going to steal your man because of the way I can .
I did not even know they existed .
I do not know , but I would like two , like the end of the movie , try to look online .
He used to be a firm rocker .
She 's only after the family money .
I like Kirstie Alley . she is fine , she is cool and does not care about any of this .
( Your name ) It is really good acting , and I think she can go further if she takes it seriously .
Is this a good tool for a mix of songs ?
That would be a mistake .
She died in the Tertiary Event . That is sad .
That is not a good thing .
Man , this riddle is not news anymore .
That is to say , Aerosmith , AC / DC , Van Halen , and Metallica do a great job .
I do not care for the question , but that is just who you are .
He is incredible . I mean , the kind that gets on my nerves .
He is so hot , I do not know why Hermione is not with him .
He just gave his opponent a chance to not mess with me .
Any movie with Kim Kerry in it .
I guess it would be better if you sang that song in front of her .
I always throw chili cheese tarts at my grandma .
I try to like him , but I just do not like him .
Yes , I am very fond of them .
A chicken , a hyena and a hyena .
The third one was good too , but I thought it was too long .
I would break the pipe with a baseball bat .
Of course . Queen Amadara and Sade .
Capricorn has a majestic drive that Scorpios respect .
I like their music , but it is too much for me .
Um . does the word Gay still mean happy ?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian .
Mad Amon , Dukes of Hazzard , Miami Vice , Simpsons .
However , I love almost any rock music genre .
Once upon a time I ( in your eyes ) caught fire
I know they might make it worse .
Just open it and close the door .
LP also stands for Linkin Park .
So , what do we have here ?
two . Do not complain that Berg broke up with someone else .
Rock . modern rap is repulsive with no rhythm .
Ca not you just rhyme these words ?
The parents stopped , and his mother got out of the car quickly and covered the covers on her
Your mother is so stupid that she spent two hours watching 60 Minutes .
I know someone who pees in their pants .
My aunt just sent me a cd with a great tenor called Josie Grobani .
Twist it back and then try it .
They are all over the place .
Cold blue , you can see its breath , its nose will have an ice pick .
Hahaha , they are just for fun , but they are superb .
I would be willing to use a magic wand on any given day .
Thank you very much , if anyone can help .
No , I think they are stupid .
I wish you good luck !
Do you think a band three is enough ?
The salmon or some kind of fish brine ?
Now you can go to sleep .
Final Destination is Good ( Bad Performance Tho ) , but Saw is still on my list .
He is funny and looks cute .
You will have an experience to support it .
I love Tara , but I would have to go with Angelina Jolie .
Schindler is List . the best movie I have ever seen .
You are wasting your time , boy says .
He is not going to say anything to the female parrot .
`` I 'm just calling to say ,  '' I love you . ``
Ask her out , treat her like a lady . and tell her she is the one you want .
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her and she would not hit me .
But because of her , I write music in a happy tune .
I am not sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks .
Orlando Bloom and Chad Michael Murray are both really hot .
I think they are right . I believe in the rule of planetary oranges .
If I download songs through in Flames , Ria will not sue me , right ?
I would listen to good music , but I do not know what to listen to !
Um . oh , I do not know if I 'm going to have any good luck getting a job !
An evil fake B . Who should be punished for false advertising ?
Never heard of Em , but the real awards are just too funny .
Have fun . Maybe you are lucky and win .
I have seen this movie too .
Lord of the Rings : Return of the King .
Say you are pregnant and say it is not from you but from others .
Chris and Callie are going down this fucking road .
Yes , I heard they broke up too .
Yes , he is hot , and his music is grunge too .
I saw your face for the first time .
Who sings the song I do not like the look of it .
I personally do not believe them .
Your mother is so stupid that her name is Danquier to check the spelling .
I am not frightened at all so I can do everything they do not know about .
What in the world do you mean ?
No , he said he liked her . That is what he spread .
A generic super cool freak with lots of charisma , humor and good looks .
What is the fastest time a couple can have sex ?
I am looking at your answer . Impressive , you are so cool .
And he looks like hell .
She is a useless sloth who makes money from other people ' s troubles .
It depends on the gum you are chewing .
Yeah , I know . It sucks .
I am the only person in America who does not think Dave Chaplin is funny .
What exactly did the doctor say you were doing ?
One of you has to sing .
Why do not you tell me where you are from ?
Oprah of course because she gives better advice and does it longer .
But since I was a kid , I have always liked them .
Sell the baby to the Chinese
I think it is a bit cheeky to name it , but perhaps I could name it Jewel .
Have you heard the last song by Album ? There is a Ronnie ?
Mother is so ugly , she frightened the vulture away from the meat truck .
I would like to make the genres of Fullmetal Alchemist .
Beyonce can not sing , dance , or act , and Rihanna ( who ? )
Just an interesting question ,
Jerry , Jerry . he must have picked up a few tricks after watching all these fights in close proximity .
With people ? Wonder why he is not married .
There is a song . I do not know what the song is .
I think most girls actually think `` wow , Carmen Electra looks good  '' and move on .
Paris Hilton , but Jessica was right in front of her .
I like oldies , oldies , rap music , pop music , anything but hardcore rock .
I am asking because only some people have it and some do not , but I think it is a bit silly .
I think they are a very cute couple . and I am happy for them .
Not at all , I really do not think in Spanish . they talk about stupid .
I like the way Maya keeps it real .
I was struck by the invention of the coat hanger .
What is the loser of your question ?
I ca not remember the song title .
Add some well known song titles .
Sounds good . Where are the rest of you ?
I enjoyed it . It also has Mean Girls and Shark Tales ( I have children ) .
Anything is possible , all you can do is dream .
Even if you hate that kind of music , you like Green Day .
Favorite actress Julia Roberts . Favorite male actor is Johnny Depp .
But if it comes to witty , George Clooney will win .
I 'm not a rock fan . but I hate George Clooney .
* I do not really live here * Ducks dangling in the back of the couch *
I met a girl , and her name is . Cherry fudge sundae .
Red Hot Chili Peppers in the front .
I think , reading is really funny .
Monopoly . I love old Nintendo , Mario Brothers and Haha Baseball .
Uh , uh , no drinks ! Uh .
No , he is not dead , he is just goofy .
Oh , my God , how come your friends do not know about that show ?
Hi , I 'm Elvis . You may have heard of me .
I do hear Bjork Cheney jokes .
I do not like Nicole Kidman that much , and I do not care if she is from here .
Your mother is so stupid that she dresses like a Nobel laureate and dresses like a Nobel Prize winner .
Can someone please tell me the name of the song that kills Bill includes Bong . Bong . ( Wait a minute .
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood .
Your mother is so stupid that if the head was dynamite , she would not have enough money to blow her nose .
The Goo Dolls and Relient K are horrible .
I hope you find this amusing .
Limewire , I like it because it is great to get the latest music .
Taxes , gas , inflation and my pride .
Here is the thing : You fell asleep .
Although the three were just a big movie .
Um . Blockbuster or any video store that sells children ' s movies .
Get the f*** out of here , man .
I do not know if any of them are
She wanted to have children and got married . She did and will not regret it later .
A bottle of Captain Morgan , that will do . I 'm heading north . Meet me at the library ?
Be creative and come up with something to challenge .
It is Chico Time - `` Chico  '' which is very embarassing .
U2 , Bon Jovi , Coldplay , Triple Down .
What is incorrect with this girl ?
Actually I hate it and can not stand it anymore .
For example : Hugh likes to read manga every day .
Do not call it a Christian band !
It is easy to pick up .
Steve Martin gave it to me .
Gentlemen , I thank God every day for everything I have .
Just kidding , McHammer , when he is rich and powerful .
You are gay . people are so stupid . have you seen Donnie Darko ?
I love guitars and drums !
Additionally , any movie Natalie Portman has chosen is fairly good ( so far she has chosen some great roles ) .
The worst thing that is ever happened to me is a lot of damage .
Actually , I do not like it at all .
It is the best metal band ever !
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD Band .
You know how they always think the dumbest things are funny .
If so , who are you and why are you famous ?
I love how she freezes and blows things up .
I actually made it up , but I can not tell if people find it funny .
I think they both stink . If I had to choose one it would be Italian work .
Haha , a girl needs a little of everything .
Watching the cow baby sucking on the cow .
It is over . if you want to see Sean Haha you can watch the dvd player .
Not really , but that is just me .
I used to like it , but now it is totally freaking me out .
For me , that one made an impression on the movie .
Dude , why are you wasting this question ?
It is my favorite television show , second only to the simpsons .
Even if they do get together , it wo not be too long .
In the sun in Tuscan with Diane Lane .
I am in my own little world and everyone loves me .
Why do some men think farting is funny ?
I hope the answer you are getting is the one you are looking for .
When you stop thinking about that person , when you see that person , your eyes will not light up
I do not know . Have you tried ?
I do not know , but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her .
Should I have chosen one ?
# Let is get together Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah #
I like her from the 80 ' s .
Do they just wipe it off all the time ?
My favorite English song is Kiss From a Rose by Seal .
I like both of them . Just want to see your faces .
Yeah , I think I got it .
Anime is the animated version of the comic strip .
Mom is a Taurus and Dad is a Scorpio . and they are still very happy together . so I agree !
If not , I can email it to you . Try Limewire .
It would be nice if they did not like him .
He just wishes he could use it .
It could be AC DC , or Guns N ' Roses .
I always wanted to go back because I thought it sounded awesome .
The All American Opposition Front . The song is Dirty Little .
He does not want to be a bigamist .
The roommate rolled her eyes and said , `` Well , hello .  ''
It is funny , but very , very silly .
She has great songs such as Check On It and Slim Thug .
So what are we going to do about it ?
Note : I ' m not looking for Aladdin movies .
If they only ask for cash and not Babe , then they will kill you .
It is sad that he retired .
Well , they probably did not see anything at first .
I am glad someone finally asked this question .
No , I am a celeb .
I did not know there was going to be a Superman Spy two ?
Eminem is a hot , hot son of a bitch .
He is a chubby little prick who always seems to need a shave .
List your best April Fool here .
Drama Queen . I do not know . I do not understand it myself .
I need to know the name of the movie from the 80 ' s .
I used to be a fan too .
I will wear anything but a diamond ring .
I ' m not sure , but the two points make my score a 1001 .
I remember those days when you would say they had a fat butt instead of a trophy .
I definitely do not want a thug .
Try looking at Yahoo Movies .
Is there anything I can do ?
Shield , The Sopranos , Twin Peaks , The Simpsons , Superman Presentation and Plastic Surgery .
Yes , I bought a Lmasuke .
At first I thought it was funny , but then it got old and goofy , darn Altel .
Read the numbers backwards first and then look straight .
Yes , I think I am . I have had a lot of people say I am .
The boss ; what is her full legal name ?
A perfect couple . one of my favorite movies .
Your mother is so ugly that Bigfoot took pictures of her .
It is either a tombstone or a tombstone .
Heaven can make people accept his ideas while stupid people can not .
I can not understand emotions , rock , or scream , nuclear , or any of that music .
When they arrive , they die . and their relationship dies .
However , I do not know much about children .
I do not know . I tried watching it , but I could not tell .
The Five Times Band . They are awesome ! Their songs are awesome !
What was your favorite scene in the Gilmore Girls movie ?
Just wondering . how did that man stay in one place all the time in the whole movie ?
It is because life is never perfect .
It is hard to say , but I think it is either Kevin , Bucky or Melissa ( just because she messed up the lyrics )
No , it is not funny . It is just annoying to remember .
It annoys me . I want to hear it .
Of course , miracles happen .
Either country or classic rock . Make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird .
If that is not difficult enough , then make the rules .
I do not know anything about videos , but you can download songs at iTunes or Limewire . com !
I have to agree with American Idol .
Not really , we just do not know much about them .
I found it still irresistible !
God , yes , it is my favorite show .
I love Green Day . I love all the songs . Especially Dream Breaker .
Note : I did not know that Gamboy MicroCon had a charge battery .
I would have to say Will Farrell .
Oh , my God . I want to look at my Disney movie credits .
( He starred in a soccer fetish . )
You can try it because it is free . and it will at least give you a taste .
Why do not you have a new life party ?
Oh . well , then I 'm not gay .
but I ca not find anything on that .
He said , `` Son , if you do not play the game , you have to learn to type it well .  ''
Actually , I 'm watching it right now .
Chuck Norris starred in a horror movie in the 70 ' s or 80 ' s .
Vanilla Ice , like you . Okay , I admit that I have a new kid on this block .
Red Hot Chili Peppers of course .
I told the other men .
Brad Pitt , Pippin and Johnny Depp - they are definitely the sexiest men in the world !
But since you asked , I think rap is better .
I am a handsome , cool , cool person that you can not have .
The flute , because that is the tune I can play .
It is okay . It is not that big of a deal , but it is not that bad .
I would like one of him , I would call him `` Money Puff  '' .
A bad boy because he has all kinds of things and their naughty .
So you have to buy two packs instead of one .
( Darn , I still like both of these bands ! )
She 's just done a layout for King is magazine .
Tyra Banks is my idol . I think she is beautiful , but I heard she is pregnant .
I would like to go out and kick your butt right now , but I can not swim .
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . Wow , that is hard .
Like this . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa .
If so , what do you think about it ?
I 'm here for Broken Boulevard
I do not think it is weird at all .
She was in a palace in Turkey in a standoff with armed guards .
He fired his sister because he kept his mouth shut .
Abbey Mitchell portrayed lesbian in the first Broadway production and repeated it five times to see the rest of them here .
You 're going to St . Ives .
Because he is a control freak .
But the ride was awesome .
Whenever I think about her , I feel great .
You 're right . I ca not answer that .
But I think people prefer to listen to names like my humps these days .
James . They both s*** . Rap is lame .
I just need some answers about anything .
I am going to say Rick and Troy Ramones .
They are not , but thank you for the two points .
Snape Hermione . No , Dunks . No , wait , it is Snape .
I watch it regularly until the fourth season starts to get boring .
Oh yes sister , look at this website .
`` Forever  '' is a double-sided Veronicas song . We are here so what are you going to do ?
I used to be a fan too .
Sounds like a girl I like .
Is Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person ?
There was a man named Duck Watson .
If you find out , please inform Hak .
I do not understand why anyone would like that movie .
It should be free to download and easy to understand functions such as a loop , exit and other genres .
However , it could also refer to Japanese comic books ( as a genre ) .
But I hear there is going to be a sequel .
Always loved his job , good actor .
And , of course , he meant what he said .
Try to speak nicely with her , do not worry about your moves . They are not always right .
I am adding some new songs to my collection , so why not try Staind ' s new song waiting around .
I like this man . He is funny and down-to-earth .
Your mother is so stupid that in the section of educational application for work , she writes interested in phonetics .
I do not know , are you looking for several or one ?
I imagine she has a lot of money .
But my sister is crazy about him .
I do not think there is any reason why I 'm doing this so fast , is there ?
He is rich , and he can look like that if he wants to .
Do not try to impress her , if she likes you she will come to you !
In rap you need rhythm and rhyme , but you can not make fun of the people in the rock music genre .
There should be a category for those best questions .
I have seen it yet , but I can not wait for it to be on dvd .
It was great . It made me cry a lot .
The song by Guns N ' Roses , do not be shy tonight .
Damn . I do not think it is possible to pick just one .
It only makes me feel good to listen to their music .
Your mother is so stupid that she took the adult child double partner band as a daycare center .
Bambi the Deer is my favorite movie !
Simon , of course , always disagrees . his judgement is good , but he is demanding .
Yes , but they are unknown .
Um . I do not know . My head hurts .
No , they broke up . though I do not know how long ago .
Hahaha . I love watching my friends and them .
It is good of you to get him back .
I just do not think he is going to jump anymore .
I do not hate him . but he is weird . I am surprised to get three answers in five minutes .
For me , that is exactly what I am looking for . If I am looking for it .
I even watch the reruns now .
Yeah , I think Paula likes everybody this week . Is she on Ecstasy or something ?
And she is willing to make a whole new couple of seasons @ .
The song is new and sounds old .
At the disco , I write sins not sins .
Video kills the radio stations .
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde ?
So , no , I do not think so .
I think they are overpaid . Must be too famous .
Without a doubt , the best movie in the world !
However , I think 4 would be better .
So do not worry , you will be back to normal in a few weeks .
That is what I looked like before I went into surgery .
There was a blonde driving down the highway .
Eminem is a liar . I choose to be rich or go to jail .
parental control or use the website www . azlyrics . com
And you can tell she really cares about her team .
I like this song very much !
Search the page or find the loophole .
My favorite band is The Usual and amp ; Panic .
Chicken , because God does not s*** .
To the people who asked this question whether or not they are gay . Who cares !
It all depends on who screwed up .
Well , neither one of them . if I had to choose . I would have to go with Mario . or Van Dyke .
Q : What did the left nut say to the right nut ?
It is a big racism . it is a lot of racism !
It is like a duet or something .
So it may be more than that .
Do you want to know why men think more and women talk more ?
Your mother became tedious , after you were born to raise you !
Chicken because there are two .
Happy Days , are the best .
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna . so she needs to stop pretending .
I ask people who answer this question , where are your athletes ? !
If you tell him you hate him , you will find that he is not like you .
A woman on the street with a monster on the bed .
I still have not forgiven her .
It is a good resource just download it .
The word you are looking for is .
You know , when I first touched the music , I liked the rap genre .
I never told my parents , but mentioned it once , they did not say anything and do not care .
Yes , but you will go anyway , why bother asking !
I used to play the flute , but when I started playing the saxophone , I became addicted .
If you like family man , you should enjoy watching American Dad .
B ) They put their songs right , C ) they are actually playing their own music .
We are going to have a great time .
Yes , PSP , but I do not buy PSP bars for children under 13 .
If your dream is life and idle talk then I suggest you move to Japan or China .
I Lubb it . I will keep my dirty little secret . Rail lanes . lmao ( not sure .
My guess is Blonde from American Idol .
( No offense ) If you can answer that , then eggs are the same .
The song is called Episodes , I can not remember which artist , but it is a hit song !
Hey , three months . that commercial is for the Dairy Queen . and I just wanted to let you know .
