What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
Good luck in your search for the one!
Why does everyone seem to want someone that they cannot have and know that they should not want?
Do you like to argue and fight?
If you are set on that, that is the way to go.
My ex of three years was unfaithful.
Work at it, but do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Other than those two things, just ask him once in a while.
Men get bored and tire before women do.
She is strong, loving, and most of all, wasn't as happy as she thought she was.
It is one way of saying I do not like you.
King had a song about this, "Only Your Mother Loves You."
He loves you, too, girl. Time will tell.
He wants me to change how I look.
I know I have someone to come home to.
Did you use Google because I want to have sex, but you have to be careful.
Do you want all of your friends to be your friends forever?
It does not mean that you are promiscuous.
Going to a club and dancing.
Do not go anywhere you went with him or her.
They are a lot of fun. There is plenty to do.
It all depends on when you are ready.
Stay 100 miles away from this man.
Just be prepared because if it happens once, it can happen again.
I am just looking for the girl who wants to spend time with me.
At least not until he gets another girlfriend.
My wife said, "We don't wear that stuff."
If you are asking, then you should end the relationship and open yourself to other options.
Why do gays want to get married?
Saying sorry to him without committing a mistake is humilation to yourself.
Do you have to rush your choice?
They both do not respect your feelings.
No, seriously, think about how many cocky girls are out there.
She is too afraid to ask him out.
Get a grip, how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with?
I would ask you out, but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live.
They have never performed before and it doubles the pleasure.
I will probably go and see one.
Either way, best of luck, but I am just glad that I have brown hair.
Mail me a pick honorarius@yahoo.com and I will tell you.
It is just a challenge.
I am a girl, so I will help you out.
Do not tell them, but let them find out once you are in bed with her.
If I would have kept my last name, it is just a name.
I hardly ever see him in school either, usually I see him at my brother's basketball games.
He is telling that to some women as well. He is a womanizer.
Drop his butt, there are plenty of fish in the sea.
I know because I am just like your wife.
When she calls, text her back.
No way. I am 5'4 and he is 6'2.
Don't you know the number one rule, trust no one?
We have tried breaking up a couple of times, but it never happens.
Some because they are thin and skinny, and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on.
If you have a penis, then it is no problem, you just have to penetrate her with your penis.
In that case, take some defense classes.
I just got out of a three year relationship with my baby's father.
What happened when the politician took Viagra?
Hello, my name is xxxxxx and I have been working for me for years.
I can only say that women are complicated.
We like soft approaches and a little bit of chasing.
You would be surprised in the type of people that go to them.
It is very fun and enjoyable, especially when you meet each other after texting for a few months.
Hey, I am in NYC. I will help you out if you are around.
It sounds strange, but it worked in about three to five days for me.
Do not worry, I am not working with much either.
Why does it matter what they think? If they do not get along, do not spend time together.
If he is, then you have a good man.
If he likes you, you will know.
I suppose it is normal, but I would just move on.
The rest is easy from there.
I like any guy that is funny.
Girl, only you can decide on this.
Why do you ask this question?
Do not go telling everyone just because you think that is right.
A ten year gap is nice.
If he still does not like you, then move on.
I see him every week in PSr, but I just can't talk to him.
Because they feel insecure with less educated men.
For one thing, if it does not work out, there goes your job.
I hope to God it does not ever pass.
Only the ones that are not worth your time.
Smaller of course, and it is all about looks.
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other.
If you do not, you will always wonder.
Some people choose not to because of their religion, while others do not.
Give it a chance, because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends.
The best of luck to you!
Men who were not ready to commit.
This is a big day in both of your lives, it should not be done quickly and without thought.
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mother. What is wrong with that?
One man willing to move 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me.
I must not be ugly enough.
I am a generous person.
It depends on what women want.
Remember, it takes two, not one.
If he really did not like her and did like you, then he would have already dumped her for you.
Hang around until the bar closes, or visit a prison.
Please do not miss out on this one.
Because believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
But stick with what is inside of you.
It happened to me twice.
Maybe you are young, I do not know.
No matter what he says, action speaks louder than words.
There is nothing in the world like a big boned woman.
Even if he is rich, do not sell yourself.
I just moved to Sacramento, I am a 30 year old gay male who just moved there.
The people around you now, like your friends, should like you no matter what.
Because they like the little titis and pussys.
Wait until you are older and if you both still feel the same way, then go for it.
I am not one of those people, but I know there are a lot of them.
No, not if you have to ask.
And you want to suck another man's penis?
Because they are girls, they are not as sofisticated as we are.
Does this mean he likes me?
Don't worry about him, just concentrate on school and then worry about your boyfriend.
I dated one and I know.
Look at the way she walks.
No, at least I hope not.
Hello, I am looking to visit your country.
Overtime, should I give him another chance?
The same man you want to be in a relationship with?
I went and there he was.
That is what I called it, but why?
That way you can still go by your last name.
Both of you work hard to get it right.
I have told her that I like her and she said she would want to ruin our friendship.
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat.
Show her your naked baby pictures.
It is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes.
However, I am not telling you to be celibate until then.
If he is flirting with her, it is okay to jump him.
I love curly hair. I like to run my fingers through it.
I want my wife to grow as well.
Well, that is just the way it is I guess.
One girl, Michelle, who probably would not mind being named, spoke up and said she did not believe in it.
I can just toss him to the side and forget about him like last night's trash.
He was a little busy after that.
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
If you do eat something like that, then just quit.
It could be that you need to urinate, or the last dream you had.
If he wants to wear my pants, all he has to do is ask.
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now, then it should be okay.
I want to try again.
Figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
Lie, lie, lie and then lie some more.
Wait until you find out for sure first and then go from there.
If the two of you are at a dance, he should not really care.
Trust him and do not bring it up again.
Honestly, most women are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels.
I would love to meet the ladies.
I actually ponder this one now and again.
I met this guy once, very romantic, I met him in a huge rainstorm.
Some guys like girls like that and some don't.
It comes right after three play and before five play.
When I fall in love, I feel stupid.
If you have to ask, then you are not in love.
If you start to feel it coming on, then start the four play again.
I do not understand someone, please give me the answer.
I saved a good $500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all.
I just got a divorce and so did he.
Ask a girl about the problems because I am a boy.
Be yourself and show a little personality, that is what girls like, at least most of them.
Follow your heart, it is never wrong.
They bother you all day long.
See if he calls, e-mails, or cares.
You can do a civilian arrest.
It is usually a spasm in your back.
By now, you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured.
Good luck and I hope everything goes well.
Say I love you, and if you wait to say it back, it tells it all.
Try asking her out again and see what she says.
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Ask her questions, not just talk.
When you first fall in love, you are gitty, goofy, and silly happy just thinking about that person.
Remember, there is more than one.
I think they look better than many other nations.
We got married all over again.
All in all, I do not think it really matters.
I am not going to drive five hours just to hang out unless I really like her.
How often can you have sex with Pam Anderson?
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it.
Think about what good it brought about.
I am a person that does not like to break others heart.
Give a rose and express your love.
I like thick because I feel cheated on with a thin one.
Remember, until death do you part.
We always find a life partner with the opposite side.
What are you talking about?
If you keep talking to him for another week, he might think he is married to you.
Women do not want much, just some acknowledgment and sometimes help.
At least that is what it seems like to me.
Do not be afraid to say no.
Dump him. There are always more fish in the sea.
To me, it really does not matter, but a hand full is good enough for me.
Choose the one that adores you the most.
You still released at least a thousand.
You go to a bar and get drunk.
Give it some time and thought.
No, you should not leave them, just teach them what to do to please you better.
Bembie hit the nail on the head.
No, you guys kiss when you are ready.
Julesac is funny, but mean.
If you are asking this, you surely have already distanced yourself from her and yet remain a friend.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
Do not try to figure it out, that is just the way it is.
I do not know, but I know of another website that I go to.
It depends on how much you are beginning to have feelings for this boy.
He must be a control freak.
It all depends on the girl or the guy.
Look, try and get out to meet people.
Usually it is multiple things, not just one thing.
If you really really like them.
Do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?
If all you do is argue, it is not worth it.
What makes it worse is that I already went out with him for four years.
You just have to be patient and the right girl will come along.
Unless you do not love your husband anymore and you have room for another man?
Your wife, because then you can do more without committing a sin.
She definitely wants you to think she is good looking, but she does not want that to be the first reason.
Depends, some days I want to have sex, other days I do not.
They are more passionate in making love.
If you play with both at the same time, she will probably have sex with you.
Because he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, was a big mama's boy, etc.
Perhaps because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen.
It really depends on whether someone is vain or not.
Someone I can be myself with.
Send me your picture and contact me.
Stay away from this guy friend.
The doctor cannot believe it.
Yes, definitely, especially when she throws up.
If not, then do not worry about it.
I could give you some pointers.
If you feel your love is fading, do not just sit there and do nothing.
I will not stay with someone I do not trust.
I only once told a girl that I loved her, and I meant it.
You married him and it was for a reason.
Rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan yell.
Yes, girl down there, do not have sex.
They accept this in their culture.
Always trail ride with a friend.
You did not give us very good information. Do you all live in one house?
Move on, even if he is attractive, looks are not everything.
The most important thing is to be yourself.
Yes, be disappointed and angry.
Sorry, I never have felt that way.
I sure will not like any girl who would make my life difficult.
If he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
Practice, ask if you are doing well.
If you are sure, then tell your parents if you have not already.
I met mine in a carnival.
Sounds like a rhetorical question.
I believe that everyone should keep their own name.
Your first kiss should feel like you are in the hospital.
There is nothing but trouble there.
How to make a woman happy?
Do not do things that can get you hurt.
I mean, of course you will be making more money if you work hard.
Please do not go up to her and tell her how good she looks.
I do not think it is a good idea, you are not there for this purpose.
Go up to her and ask her if she is single.
I think he would make a great Valentine.
Just be prepared to let her go.
Rather than just sit there and wait until you are a good one.
Just tell them, what are they going to do, slap you?
Get a massage and get away from it all.
Well, if you really like this guy, smile and make nice talk with him.
Take them both out at the same time.
It happened to me and I am now dating that person.
There are only two points to make friends.
So you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you.
I prefer someone who does not hate you.
We tried to move on, but it did not work.
When will people in this messed up world finally realize this?
I would not bother calling him back.
Try not to hang out with him and find another guy.
Look for another attractive girl so she will be jealous.
In my opinion, you are not promiscuous.
Red means love, and black means death.
If she likes him, then she does not like you, dump her. It is not his fault that she strays.
For me, anything after three days and I might start to forget about you.
Find a girl who has beauty and must be pretty.
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend.
Start the day off with breakfast out, then perhaps a nice walk.
If she says yes, then go pick them up.
If yes, why do I hear some girls say flowers are not going to last?
It may be interesting for them.
Could it ever be the same?
It is not that bad, at least it is not Bella.
Could it be because some men are liars and have big mouths?
Or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances.
It is finally a culture that has it right.
My twin will not talk or listen to me.
If you want to get something you can not get rid of, go ahead.
Only I am not thinking about him, but I am having dreams about him.
If you are talking about ten, then I think it would be fine to get a video or computer game.
Go for it and take the chance.
If he cannot, then take him to a place where they have slow dances.
I feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
It is your choice not to hate one, I dislike them to say the least.
Never get married without a prenuptial agreement.
Get a life and do not waste mine.
She says you are too good for her?
Guys come and go, but friends are forever.
It could probably mean a lot of things.
Yes, it is normal because there are many people who still like some they broke up with.
I would like to see what a black female has to say about this.
Guys are stupid. Who knows why they do what they do?
If they gave you their phone number, you do not have to wait at all.
They are masters of the universe.
I am in love and do not care who knows it Buddy the Elf.
Whatever you do, do not try to have both of them at the same time.
If you really wanted to be with him, you would not be asking.
Remember, being friends with someone online is okay, but there are limits.
When my sister kisses someone, she closes her eyes to get ready.
I would not marry any woman who did not want to change her name.
A small party for the family.
Girls are perverts, they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly.
I am only in the third grade.
But you do what you want.
Do not do that, it will not work.
If they do not, it is time to move on.
He is everything I ever wanted with the looks, money, etc.
Yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
No, she is not a liar.
Shut the hell up and be gay if you want to.
He had his nose pierced.
Yes, I can lift him, he is only 185 pounds.
You need a therapist for that.
Maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking Asian girls.
You should see a shrink.
Giving you stupid excuses of the wall and acting the way he did not before.
Be strong and hang in there.
No, he is too big and I am too weak.
Basically, if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or slut, then it is unattractive.
Exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, send packages, and keep in touch.
Especially if you do not feel like it.
He dribbles, he shoots, he scores two points.
Giving it up just for him to stay around is like selling your soul to the devil.
I cannot give you a wife's view, but I hope mine is just as good.
It takes the pressure off of me to ask someone.
Depends on the woman, it is better shaved.
Ask in English. I cannot understand you.
Hey, I am a guy, but I will tell you a little.
I like him a lot and I want to win him over, not push him away.
I really like this guy, but I do not know if he likes me back.
By the way, your avatar looks familiar.
It has been over six months and I can't seem to get over it.
Maybe he thinks he will be rejected. Just ask. I would.
Think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him.
A picture in the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated is special.
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I get out.
Listen, it is not that easy. I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade, then again in 4th, and again in 8th.
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed, is this bad?
Some men do not like breasts.
Or that she just wants to see other people?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years.
There was his stop, so he got off the train.
The worst case scenario is that she says no. Take a chance and good luck.
I know exactly what I want in a relationship.
I would flirt and send flowers and candies to myself and then he would ask you out sometime.
I also hate seeing my dad unhappy.
I feel bad because I know that I snore sometimes. Most people do, right?
I like girls and need to know if I am in love.
If you truly love each other, you can work out all the fighting, etc.
Neither of you have the courage to call it quits.
However, that does not mean that big girls can't be cute.
He is getting married this month.
But those guys are jerks and you do not want them anyway.
Say will you go out with me?
And get married only after you have been with a guy for more than two years.
Man has penis and woman has clitoris.
Seperate the bad things and move on.
It would be easier to do if I were mad, though.
If she will tell the administration, I will be expelled because it is Pakistan, not America.
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out.
Like I said, he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breathe and ask him.
Maybe we can get together sometime and find love with one another.
I would be, but I am just married.
Play the field a bit now.
As everyone said, do not get married so early.
I just want to know if you have seen the movie yet.
Pay attention to what the other person says.
Just talk to your spouse about this.
If you are into sixth graders, you are obviously young.
I was thinking about a medium pink color, but with what?
Ask if they want to go somewhere with you.
A trip to an amusement park such as a roller coaster or a theatrical museum.
Do men really prefer larger women?
The problem is that I really like him.
So I would say, they do work out, just not a lot of the time. I hope this helps.
Should I dump him because of his mother?
I did this before, accidentally, and my friend was mad that I deleted him.
I do not think I mind either way.
But that is her way. You could try it that way, or you could just keep your eyes open.
There are some that do, but you should be able to tell.
Are you talking about your avatar?
I do not remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I liked her.
I do not know what to do.
Try to be yourself and do not show off.
Take it day by day, step by step. Think of how he lost a good thing.
If every man knew what women want, the world would be a much happier place.
Compliments, honesty, and make it about her.
I think they will crash him.
It just means that she is really interested in the guy.
Please do. I think you would get slapped mid-reach or kicked in the groin.
Only now she and I are both divorced.
If he/she wants to see your picture right away, it is sex.
It is better than her giving you a fake number to call.
Tell her to move to Massachusetts.
If you feel this strongly about it, then maybe you should not get married.
From the pictures I have seen, I would say Maui or the Bahamas.
The guy I like is mad at me.
You are thirteen, do not worry about it.
That way you do not have to worry about you calling him too much.
I am a guy and let me tell you, we love to chase.
Thanks for the pep in advance.
We always seem to push the ones that we love away.
They think that they can control other people's lives when they cannot.
That is strange, but maybe I will talk to my friend by his locker.
I do not know. How would you like something crammed up your butt?
If a guy cares, he calls.
What special gift can I give my brother in law for his birthday?
He probably does not want to either.
Hold her hands, look into her eyes, and say it, but only say it if you really love her.
Some guys do, and some guys do not.
I really want to know, so please help me out.
The timing just was not right for it with the old guy.
Generally kind, and my fifth: I will just be disappointed if she is stupid.
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
I do not believe trust has to be earned, because how is that even possible.
If that is you, you need to stop because that is not good.
Don't let her rule your life, she will just have to learn to deal with it.
I have Yahoo email and it works for me.
I would not worry too much about it.
The trick ass woman has never had a chance.
When you can fart in front of the one you are dating.
It depends on how old they are.
Any guy who thinks he would is probably not being honest with himself.
If you flirt with him, the challenge is not there.
If you need your significant other emotionally, then you have some problems.
20 to 32, she does not have to be younger than you.
Maybe she does not love you, but try to use your heart, not your brain.
If you want your girlfriend forever, then do not let her know that you want her forever.
There are a lot of cheap ideas out there, just find what you like and work with it.
If you are worried about the performance, do not do it.
Find another girl and if that does not work, move back.
Most often, but not always, that will be guys around your age.
If you act like that all the time, she might think you are desperate.
Not everyone on here is in school.
Tell him what you really want, that is what they tell me but never got to do.
Should I make the first move or wait for him to?
What a typical double standard you have set up!
After a while, you do not even see the color.
I have not tried it yet, but I am still trying to get up the nerve.
If you two are serious, then asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
Ask her out, what is up with that?
Would you like to go out with me sometime?
Look me up if you are ever in Florida.
Those were good times.
It is all about her, and it should not be something that happens on a first date.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time?
If he comes to his senses, then great. If not, you should break up with him.
You are too good for them.
Jump him because she likes him?
Depending on the age, CDs or DVDs.
20 years down the road is all you can be, so start from the beginning.
I would like to visit USA, what are the needs?
Anyone with any ideas, tips, or general information, please email me back.
You sound like a very lovely person, so do not let some of these women drag you down.
You do not look, just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along.
Do not pursue it, he is getting married.
Like clear liquid that turns yellow when dry?
I mean, if in your country there is a short messaging system in your cellphone, then find a textmate.
When she starts closing her eyes, kiss her in the lips and then it is up to you.
Please be honest with me, I can handle the truth.
Have fun and remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what is going to happen next.
It shows how much they care about you.
Tell her that you miss her and that you love her.
Coffee, lunch, site seeing, walking in the park, museum, movie matinee.
What you want is a hooker, you can find that in any corner of the world.
But now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do.
Because if it fails, you will be very upset.
It has been the best thing for at least me.
Try using some of these, but only if they actually apply.
The problem is that he cheated on me recently and it was the worst that he could have done.
If you are happy, she should be happy, unless he is being bad to you.
We like it when men do things for us and think about us.
Perhaps if you give him space, he will eventually call you back.
Tell him you do not want a real relationship.
If you look creepy and you look, they will all think you are leering.
I do not know about love, but he likes you for sure.
If a guy really respects you, then he will understand.
Ask yourself and decide, and if you can afford it, do if you want to.
He is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy.
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the good outweighs the bad.
I do not think it is wise to date at work.
You need a theory class for that.
Let it take it's course from there.
What do they think about gay marriage and relationships?
So of course I had to ask him if he was blowing me off.
Guys will think you are attractive no matter what, usually.
However, I do not think that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you.
The safest rules of internet dating are: chat via email and messenger, and chat on the phone.
Marriage is really about trusting and communicating.
I had this problem as well.
It depends on what you kissed.
It depends on if you could trust him before.
Make sure you do not make her hate you, just get your point across to her.
Where have you been meeting these Filipinas?
What if it was just considered love?
That way, you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do not like about them.
If he is, then go for it.
Then see if she is open for dinner and a movie.
I am sorry, I do not know and I wish both of you the best of luck.
However, I find him looking at me every now and then.
This is sin. Our selves have started this.
Fun includes eating meals, not breakfast if you know what I mean.
Make a kind move, if no response comes back, you know what to do.
Let him make the first move, if you do it it may make you look bad with him.
You people have no right to get married.
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me too.
If you seem desperate, you will never find a relationship if you are desperate.
But he swears that we are just friends.
Looks do not really matter unless you are trying to prove something.
I know once you have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
The fact that a guy is so self centered is a huge turn off for me.
Do not rush it. Feel all of your emotions come alive.
It is a two way traffic until you get them, you will know which one it is.
So you have one baby out of wedlock.
I know I am overtly picky about people. How can I stop it?
It hurts a lot. Maybe some girls might say that is it?
I am going to jump that boy, is that the right choice?
It was a good idea.
If she gets drunk, then it is not a turn off.
Because some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly.
I would prefer if they left me alone. Sorry, I got off-topic.
Ask her to go do something she is interested in or see a movie she would like.
You are a man, a term used lightly.
Too bad it's not automatic like MSN or AOL.
That is how they will react to it, so it is a bad situation for you and him.
Go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you.
I also want to smack that smile off of her face.
Ask him if he wants to dance with you.
Then she might say that looks ugly. I think a color looks better.
Ask him to go see a doctor.
I never went out with him a second time.
First of all, why did you guys break up?
Why wait? Go ahead and do it.
As long as he does not mind, who else's opinion matters?
I think I am still totally in love with him.
I never wanted to have sex again.
The main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you.
If you have to ask other people, I really do not think you are ready.
I am a girl and I say those things.
A big savings area is flowers.
Time will tell. Give it six months and see what happens.
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at having sex with.
From your list, I would have to choose Spiderman.
I was cheated on for three of the years.
It is sad that all seniors think freshman girls are easy.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
And impress her with affection and love.
If you have, what was it like?
Celebrate Valentine's Day with joy and fun. Give each other gifts and have fun.
Any women besides the ugly guys will look attractive.
When I moved in, my neighbor asked me out.
You should probably make a move because he is probably shy.
Just on a much harsher scale as time goes on.
Just be yourself and say what is going on and you might get a response.
There are many times that you love the guy, but you are not sure if he loves you as well.
If you are talking about your husband, I would say tools, toys for his vehicle, and sports related things.
That got me really hot, but I ran off.
Me, I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for the best answer.
What size of breast does the average man like?
Many 22 year old women are dating 27 year old men so they feel insecure.
Lust less like you just go out?
They probably know you can't hide that, but you should tell your parents.
I will make you princess in planet Kripton.
My last girlfriend's boyfriend did that to her before we met, and she still kept him.
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and on the phone.
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones?
Tell her the truth, girls like to hear the truth.
We can restle around and be the best of friends.
Stay true to your husband. After all, he is the one you said I do as well.
Do not listen to these people.
Yes, I am a guy so I do not really have to pay.
Remember, no bird ever flew on one wing.
Just let her know how you feel.
It depends, if you really love him you will probably want to explain it.
If you or the other person is married, you should leave.
No, men do not, but little boys do.
Please help me win this debate with her.
My girlfriend is the craziest, but I love her anyway.
It is simple enough, do as anyone else does, play with it.
Sweetheart, let him go. If he is meant to be with you, he will come back to you.
After three days of that, my back went out.
Stay alive and get your old life back.
So that is why I ask, why do guys never know what they want with any kind of relationship?
Maybe ask him out to lunch, a movie, or something similar.
Girls do not like guys who are all about themselves.
It depends, do you like either one?
I was always looking and I kept picking jerks.
So, no, I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them.
Some do, some do not have it in them.
Just do what makes you happy.
No, because for some reason I cannot.
So it would have to be love.
Try to search your love, but be careful.
Don't ask her to perform an act for you, make her the spotlight.
Girls are simply impressed if you can show a little care, respect, and honesty to them.
Tell him to leave.
They think it is the only right way.
Good luck and keep it cool.
That said, you need to figure out if you want to stay married to him.
I hate him for it.
Men like this typically become wife beaters if you do not obey them.
First off, I have four children, so being a homemaker is more work than my job.
No, I have not. I prefer normal looking men.
It looks like he has feelings for you, you should show them.
Everything seems so open and hit and run with most people these days.
I have a problem of unloading all my junk up front and maybe I told this guy too much.
The right date can save money on a lot of things.
If you truly love your man and want to work it out, then tell your ex to respect that.
That only makes her easier to bed.
I do not think you should try it.
It is simple, honesty and love and try to be true with them.
I was hoping for at least 90%, but realistically I think it is more like 70% or 65%.
However, cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of.
Women also expect men to act that way, so why should they grow up?
Get him drunk in a couple of different ways.
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not.
Stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys, they are easier to control anyway. Good luck.
You never let a man manipulate you.
I am not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl.
When I left him, I swore I would never get married again.
Pickup lines are tacky. Just be yourself and talk to her a lot. Women like that.
You will be fine, just have fun.
Not all the time, sometimes men shave them, it depends on the woman.
I love him, but I think I am ready to move on and meet new guys.
Wait for another four years.
I hope I see some of it soon.
I do not want to be mean.
Also, you should wait a while for having children.
I would like to have some fun with you, that is why I answered this stupid question.
Try to contact their Q&A team, they will help you through. Have a nice day!
Because women do not put out often.
If he insists, it means he is only after sex.
B) Looks definitely matter. Anyone saying they do not is probably lying.
Making love is like living a fantasy.
When you are 18 or 20, because when they say something they do not mean it.
When possible, try to make it yourself.
There is always a but, isn't there?
If she is not interested in you anymore...
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men.
On average, I would say about 45% at first, but once you get to know the person, maybe 15%.
Play sports with your male friends.
She will tell you if it is not okay.
I do not mean, do you think women are sexy and beautiful.
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone?
Use a sex toy, that way you can both enjoy it.
Men without hair look like little boys to me, and it is not sexy at all.
I agree, just kiss him and he will respond one way or another.
A good way is to imagine yourself without him/her.
In America, it is not so important.
If it was before you, then he was not cheating at all.
How many times have I passed up a great opportunity by worrying about someone saying no?
Because the white women are taking up all the men.
Your self image is also very important.
Have you ever had a pap smear?
How old are you?
However, I believe they both like me.
It sounds as if you guys are already married.
Yes, Jaime is going to ask Rubi out, but it is not your business.
That is a sign. Things like that can make it really obvious.
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them.
I would love to hear logical opinions on this.
If you like the guy, then go for it.
Having fun with male friends is acceptable.
So it is natural with that man.
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing.
No, because I am not married yet.
Let me know what you think.
If you are gay, be gay.
Good luck and hang in there.
I like older girls, so I think it is sick and wrong that they cannot go out with her.
I am just curious to see what everyone thinks.
My last boyfriend I met was driving around a roundabout in another car.
Because if you do, you will lose your friend over a guy.
It really was a casual aside when I said it. I didn't think he would remember.
Are you a country girl or a city girl?
Hang out all day together, and to top it off, touch his feet.
I am very bored being single and sitting back watching other women have all the fun.
Women are curious about sex with other women, even me.
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing.
I hate it myself, but I love the straight ones.
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore bigger women.
There are no words that are going to make it any better.
Do it before it is too late.
To tell you the truth, you learn, but you have to actually do it.
Nay Pier is a great place or one of the museums.
That is a stereotype. I am not a country girl. I think I am sexy in my own way.
He will not turn you down.
I hope you read this very well.
A lot of men like large women, and most of them are black.
If she is interested, she will call you later.
No, you will not because you know he has cheating tendencies.
Ask yourself that, if you know what I mean.
I find if I try very hard, I can see things I know aren't normally there.
Let's get coffee and chat and take it from there.
Just move on with your life and find someone else.
I am sure you are not, but try to email me atilikethickchix@yahoo.com and I will be honest.
Me and this boy have been going off and on since last year.
I really care about you and I cannot stop thinking about you.
It is worth the wait when you are ready.
If you do not know, ask someone who would.
Keep away your fear and tell him.
That is a chance you are going to have to take.
If you want to be attractive to losers, creeps, and pervs, drink up.
Not for anything but looking at.
After some time passes, I still love him.
As you said, it is your own life.
Even in divorce, I am still stuck with it.
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend does not mean he is.
Sure, let me know more about you.
When one minute you want to throttle the other person, and the next one wants to jump their bones.
The girls that are pretty or have a great personality.
People whose parents well take care of them are lazy people.
I do not know what she wants.
Please tell it again, it is very complicated.
Show her what you are good at.
If you can imagine him as the father of your children.
If you do not ask, someone else might.
That is why I am single.
If you really love him, you would let him go.
If she does not want to be with you, try to be her friend.
If he says he is not, believe him.
Let's get it out of limbo.
I even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams.
I have been with my husband for four years and we recently got married in December of 2005.
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now.
You will see that no matter how hurt you are, it is still the simplest reason to smile.
Wow, I did not think Pakistan was that conservative.
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself.
Whatever you do, do not tell him too soon.
We can't answer if she really means it.
I do not like a guy that does that all the time.
Then you can make an easier decision.
I have had sex with many girls and some where prostitutes.
He dribbles, he shoots, he scores two points.
Talk to your best friend and see if it is cool.
Is this a trick question?
I do not know if I can do anything about it.
People are husbands and wives for a reason.
If he does not, then there are too many fish in the sea.
Or just want to say that?
If you are not happy, fix it or leave.
Not all guys, but some guys do.
I totally agree with Udaman. Good luck girl.
It sounds like you like to sell yourself too much.
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk.
Sometimes, but you have to observe the one you call your man.
Replaying everything you ever did to me?
But do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
I dated a guy this past year and he became violent.
Leave it alone. I do not care what she says, she is in enough pain.
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you?
Just find one that loves you too.
It never hurts to be flirtatious.
We were hanging out for a while.
Do not use pick up lines, that is a turn off.
I love them because I am a guy and I do not have to ask anyone to the dance.
Girl, there are more guys out there that love thick girls than you think.
The girls that whine that flowers do not last are just ungrateful.
You need to be with that person, you have found your true love.
And I mean really be her friend.
How do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me?
Basically, you have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him.
They never met, but she says they are in love.
Do not do this over the phone, email, etc.
I am not against gay people, they are the best friends a person can have.
I am a girl and I want to know how to know if she is into me or not.
Death is like a box full of candy corn.
Just try to make the best of what is to come.
Either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person.
She is the love of my life and I can't wait to spend the rest of my lifetime with her.
It is because women think with their brains.
I am still in love with my ex and I am mad at my cousin because my ex likes her.
Only time will tell. Spend time with friends, have fun, and do not worry about it.
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore unless it is to laugh at all the freaks.
This is what I did. It was a big mistake on my part.
I have no idea where to begin.
But he cheated, so I guess I can lift or carry my husband.
If she is calling just to have sex, then tell her to not call you so often.
That is all I have to say.
You should not be asking this question?
I was also thinking about lime green.
I mean the both of you together.
I have a close female friend.
They want to be something they are not?
Well, if you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night.
They like the challenge, that is what I love about it.
It depends on the girl. Fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair.
I should do that when I am dating next time.
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do.
I really like this guy, and I do not know if it is just a crush or if I love him.
I think the bomb is much easier.
Not always the easiest, but they have been pretty good years.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
You should tell her why you like her.
Did he turn gay, or is it a curiosity thing?
No, not if you have to ask.
The list could go on and on.
He might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
Do not eat where you take a s***.
If you would like to chat, email me at fla_cat_blue@yahoo.com.
When he teases you about the stupid little things.
If you think that he feels the same way about you, why not?
Well, in my experience, a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other.
They are often worse than men.
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting somebody.
I do not know what you mean.
If you want children, then be a homemaker.
What is the worst that could happen?
Intelligence, a woman with brains is sexy.
His/her intelligence, the way they carry themselves, good looks and activity.
Yes, and will you pay mine as well?
Yes, all I can say is yes, I have long black hair and I am proud.
I was not going to let her win.
Chances are, if you like her as a friend, you will like her more.
Just be yourself when you are with her.
Guys think that they are special and are only good enough for certain girls.
Find someone you like and say, "Will you be my valentine?"
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers.
Well, if the one boy picks on you, why like him?
Brokeback Mountain is a guy, but at least you will be happy.
Size, shape, looks, etc. should not matter at all.
Sex is not the only important thing in life.
You are probably just too good for him anyway.
Do you like him or do you not?
Why don't you just ask her if you can kiss her?
Who would say that country girls feel more sexy?
Well, I do not know how old you are, which would help.
Think about what you like and do it back for them.
Here is my answer: A) Most guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone.
Cut your cousin and ex boyfriend off completely.
Does his friends point at you when you are with him?
Yes, it is very possible to enjoy giving pleasure rather than receiving it.
Now I keep thinking of having sex with a girl.
It depends on whether they are brunette or not.
Is she just trying to use you?
You can have a big penis and suck in bed.
Get rid of the ex if you are dating the man you love right now.
It hurt like hell and I bled.
Cuddling, kissing, fondling, playing with each other's sex organs before sex.
When he does, explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back.
My boyfriend loves me very much and does not want to give me up.
You are already doing it, so why bother?
On the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain, it was awesome!
I think you are probably a nice guy and she probably loves you a lot.
You are looking too hard, or maybe you are looking in the wrong places. Sign up for Yahoo personals.
Only if you want it to be.
If she does not have a reason, then she is not your friend.
You have to find what is right for you and your partner.
You are definitely not promiscuous, do not worry.
Girls do not think it is cool, they think guys who smoke are dangerous because they are killing people.
Do you like Asian food?
They do not mean to get them pregnant, they just cannot keep it in there pants because they are pigs.
I like natural and real girls, I do not like fake looking drama queens.
Take on how the world works, and their desire to catch up.
That is too many, and selfish. You are just desperate and keep on trying another one, right?
It is like if you decide to eat chocolate and then moan because you look too fat.
Do you know he loves you?
My wife forgives me for a lot of things.
First you order one online and the stork brings one to you.
I would say around three or four.
Imagine that I am that guy and be my girlfriend's friend.
Give them a chance to discover you.
It is unusual, but nothing bad.
I still love him, what should I do?
Do not just stay with him for the baby.
Never ignore her, always listen to her. When you do not change, women hate that.
It can also be good luck if you take it as good luck.
It is a man's ego, live with it.
Sounds like you are going through a lot right now.
Good luck, but do your homework.
Don't come here, it smells like a trap to me.
Just ask any girl passing by, but only in Thailand.
This woman does not want a bad boy at all.
But I need to be happy.
You are so full of it, teasing all these desperate lonely sad guys, shame on you.
Sometimes guys think they do not need you until you are gone.
I can only say good luck.
You married your husband hopefully because you love him.
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with poems. Has anyone written one for a special someone?
Why tie yourself to just one man?
That is if you both agreed on doing this.
It is like saying, "What's got to stop me when I have already done it?"
He just has to start over and earn your trust again.
One side of his family I met his father.
We fall in love, they treat us badly, why are we there?
I am one of those who want to wait until I am completely in love with someone.
Try the nice way first. Girls hate being ignored.
Keeping secrets will only hurt the ones you love.
Some women like big hairy guys, some guys like fat women, and some women like skinny guys.
I like curves, especially if they have big breasts and softness.
Never tell her that she is fat.
You are a mother, act like one.
Some people think it is due to society, but I believe it is because of society.
Give them two months and they will get over you.
Daniel K has never read manga.
I guess it is kind of nice, it is like your dad's blessing all the way.
I like intelligent, fun, and attractive women.
Come to my town and I will be your girlfriend.
This generation is just too stupid.
Yes, it is time to cash in your chips.
They are always in the "in love" stage.
I see a Malaysia air ad on television and I go gaga.
It was really nice how he asked me out.
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends and see if it goes somewhere.
This is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there.
Not what you can become just because she says so.
The two of you should talk privately and personally, you have to clear each other's side.
Well, the one I liked goes like this.
Do not try to have sex.
Just keep it cool, a little hard to get might help.
If your relationship survives the four seasons, you should be ready.
I married my guy anyway, and do you know why? Besides love.
Move on and find someone who does not hate you.
You can't, so let's just start asumming it.
Yes, we like flowers, pretty, good smelling ones.
Should I or should I not? Younger guy versus older woman.
Those other replies are just cocky, I am more attractive.
Lime green would be more appropriate for a summer wedding.
If they cannot exercise self-control, let them marry.
My boyfriend snores and I have a terrible time sleeping.
May be you think not, but yes!
We have no room for animals like this in our society.
The best and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there.
His answer is good enough for me.
No single man can give you what you really want.
If he does not start acting right, then leave him.
If you are attractive, show him your breasts.
A lot of guys like that, just looking for sex.
I mess up a lot at times, but she does not forget.
Wait for him to ask you out unless you are really desperate.
You are asking if you like me.
Whatever you decide, make it completely yours.
Her parents? You can't fix it. Her friends? Maybe you can talk to them nicely, but please specify why.
How drunk is this girl getting?
Girls love guys with positive self image.
I am doing this just for the points.
If you don't know anything about each other, you can't connect.
If you do, then I would say it was a real and worth relationship. Good luck.
If you are used to it and like it, go with it.
Because it is buy one, take one.
Does he always happen to be staring?
It sounds like a con, but women enjoy it.
You just have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better.
However, I always believed in the fact that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love.
You just have to make yourself walk away.
I believe 80% in my case.
Lean in and give me a soft kiss on the forehead.
I cannot see my life without my husband.
I do. It is much prettier and smooth as silk.
Flowers are nice even if they do not last.
It sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away.
Why don't you just leave the girl alone?
Maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you so much.
I also do not have a single girlfriend.
Just remember, go for guys who are themselves and only themselves.
They feel that they are better than women, but they are wrong.
That does not mean you should let them in.
It is always in the back of my mind.
Does she have other friends to converse with on the phone?
Getting married and having a child can wait, but studies can not.
But you need to do this a few times.
Most teen boys prefer girls that like sex.
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have.
Whether it is good or bad is your personal belief on something.
I do not know what I should do.
Yes, it is a sick habit.
Wait until you are 25, you would not lose your charm by then.
My best friend hates my boyfriend and wants me to break up with him, but I will not.
Relax and be real, that is what we like.
I do not think so, maybe they should try taking our last names.
You both should pick either his or yours once you have children.
Of course he wants to go on.
So I guess I pick domestic goddess.
Ask her out after class again.
Life is too short, live it to the fullest and have faith.
I am a man and I also feel that way.
If you like him that much, call him.
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there.
Tell more people, as my friend did.
All my friends want to do is makeout.
Also, actual kissing and asking if you are a good kisser.
We will not regret it. At your service at any time.
You need to add it back just like the first time.
You can share this with your mother or father.
Do not fall for the alcoholic only on weekends.
You sort of stuck yourself out there to get hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
I prefer A & B cups myself.
Be her friend first, then see where it goes.
Do not even listen to what people say, just watch how they act.
Do you feel that way?
If a guy asks you, do not be afraid to say no.
Obviously she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy.
There are many things that make a woman not like sex.
Not all guys get bored and move on.
However, there is no better person to marry someday than your best friend.
Depending on what you are looking for, friendship only.
I did this with my current boyfriend.
But it does not mean you cannot love another.
Just divorce that man, he has no honor and he does not love you.
Basically, men just want to have a girlfriend for free sex.
If nothing works, you have to ask him for it again.
It is your personal preference, keep to it, whether a guy goes out with you should not determine how you act.
You have to search yourself for this one.
If the guy is worthy enough, you will not need to.
I am confused. I hate the girl to be like that. What shall I do?
Shop around for invitations and everything else.
He then asked me, "Can I come with you?"
Just go with your feelings. If you like her so much, then go with it.
So I am only myself around men I do not like, and you know the outcome.
I hope you find a nice girl.
I have liked this girl since I was in ninth grade.
To all my fellow girls at Cone, a big hello and hug!
If she likes him, then there is a connection.
If going to a movie is special for the two of you, then do that.
It just sounds like you wear the pants.
Have you told her that it is irritating for her to check up on you everyday?
For the same reason that thin girls prefer slender, toned guys.
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number.
Go to Hawaii or pay someone.
I do not understand why people think it is wrong.
Keep searching for a believer in romance, she is out there.
If you plan on cheating on your wife, you need to be shot.
Look, he already knows that you like him, and has he said anything bad about it?
Confront him and ask him that way you will know.
It is more of a trust issue, I would say.
Never stop trying to impress her.
No, you are punished with no television for a month.
I think this is better than the one on top of me.
That did not bother me because we were just friends.
Go to school. You can still come home or call your family and friends.
Wow, go with the one that picks on you because nine times out of ten he likes you.
I always felt the same way, but I met my true love and my views changed.
Do you take baths? Do you know how to speak?
I like him and he says things like, "If I weren't dating, I would go out with you?"
Just get rid of him and you will be better off.
The one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love.
People asked me, "What is the hurry?"
Has he just dumped a girl and left before?
Needless to say, I am 36 now and still in therapy around it.
Do not be one of those controlling baby mama's.
Did you ever think of that?
It has been half a year. Is it normal to still like him?
Look for a man that is attractive.
It is very sweet and just what you are looking for.
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby's father?
You are wasting your health because women hate it.
Anything larger than a handful is a waste, probably a size c or d.
I myself believe that they do.
Stop trying to slap it in everyone's face.
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable.
A man asked me, "Do you mind if we cuddle?"
Or ask about the score of the last game?
Because some couples never get to that comfortable, boring stage.
I always say that you should not do things if you are going to regret them later.
Even the day after would be okay.
Well, all you are missing is a million dollar smile.
I understand Fountain, the same thing happened to me.
I do not really like girls that much.
Be really nice, give eye contact, and smile a lot. I hope this helps!
I would wonder why he shaved them, but in the end, they are his legs.
Best of luck to you both.
This is just what I have experienced many times.
I will go with anything natural rather than fake. I hate the word fake.
No, ten years younger, who wants an older woman?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay.
Many people will tell you no.
Downtown Houston just about any weekend.
Who said women do not feel anything?
Do not start with her looks, sir.
If they have moved on, you should as well.
Flirt and see how he responds.
I am waiting until I am married, but when is it too far?
There is nothing wrong with her taking your phone number.
You do not have to be an overly happy, hyper-active person.
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like, "Go out with me?"
Then comes the fun part, he making it up to you.
You give at least five minutes for kissing, hugging, and licking.
I can't help any more unless I have more information.
I say no on avatars.
Some girls prefer gifts that won't die on them.
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him.
I feel goofy, dorky, and happy.
If you are promiscuous, then he is too. I personally do not think you are one though.
So there are some guys that only say the L word if they mean it.
I do not need a trophy girl, I want a companion.
As a man, let me say this.
Be confident, always believe in yourself and listen to what she has to say.
Then he said, "Do you want some of my chapstick?"
There is no wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
Because we love them, it is not until later when we think about it that we realize what we have done.
I would not know because I have the same issue.
What was the mistake that you made?
It is like breaking a drug habit.
Tell him, and it would not seem crazy because you have known each other for a long time.
For the first answer, that girl answered for me.
Or, what about blue and green?
A life of your own, a life you have been missing out on.
Confusing. Yes, I think you are right.
You do not have to ask her out to go out with her.
Maybe he is going to call you.
Tell her, but be as polite as possible.
In a park when I was 16, I lost my virginity.
What man does not like big breasts?
You should be proud of yourself.
Yes, men work and fix things, but what else can you do?
We do not know what you look like.
If you could have four qualities in your woman, what would they be?
Look in the internet. You will find a lot of things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news.
If she sits on your best friend's lap because she is drunk, it is a turn off.
See my boyfriend? Go to my 360?
You will find a man who really deserves you one day.
You, and that sexy perfume you wear!
If he is not and you are still not ready, then leave him.
Why do they want it state sanctioned?
She still allows me to play with my trucks and watch cartoons.
Move on, but you can still love him.
See if he is willing to go out of his way for you.
If anyone knows, please let me know.
I never knew life could be so good!
He said he would call me back.
Pick the one you like the most.
Take it off pop up block.
If you truly love him, you will tell him.
Who knows, but I would love that to be done with me.
What should I do to get her?
Dude, you have to suck it up and introduce yourself.
There are movies that I have not seen yet.
I think it all depends on age and upbringing.
And that will be just sex.
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first and it is total bliss.
Who cares what anyone else thinks?
Try getting some blonde highlights.
Just let it all out. I use art to vent problems that I have.
If she likes music, make a special CD or tape for her.
It could be. Choose one and why?
Do not worry about what people will say.
I believe many women enjoy receiving flowers.
I can't explain it, and it has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable, or submissive.
Let him go, either that or date his brother.
Yes, there are, you just have to look.
You can get them in staples for $35.
Your child is going to have a hard enough time growing up without a father.
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no.
My girlfriend always says she loves me when we are passing notes during class, but she does not say it confrontationally.
That is correct, the right relationship happened on its own.
You will look like an idiot.
No, and you should not care. If you like him, then stay with him.
I think you should be your true self, have self esteem, and self-confidence.
Anything that is not nailed down.
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that bad.
One of my best friends had a relationship with my big sister a few months ago.
Should I just forget about it and move on?
On the other hand, their friends are a different story.
Yes, I think anyone does.
My cousin met up with a strange old perv who said he was a hot teen that she met online.
None come in my list, so I choose my neighbor's wife.
I have long black hair and I love it. My husband loves it too.
If you care for your family, everyone in your family will love you.
Ugly (or fat) guys just take what they can get.
In the middle of the river while there were people watching it was actually pretty funny.
It is all in the eye contact.
Depends on the man, some men do and some do not.
It gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts.
If you love him and he really loves you, he may want to upset his father.
Yes, some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the woman.
Maybe she is not a beauty and the skinny woman was.
It does sound a little girlie.
If you want to enjoy a bit, why don't you check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms, etc?
There are plenty of good women left, you just have to look in the right place.
Hey, it's like, everyone has to separate some day.
You win some and you lose some. Take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time.
Happy birth day to you.
I just need someone to help me figure this out.
Pick the one with better treatment towards you.
I am into a 6th grade boy as well.
If you end it, he might not be your friend. That is why I do not go with friends.
Stick yourself out there more, you have to do more than just eye contact.
Do what is best for both of you.
Bad teeth, bad breath, and bad bo.
No one needs to know that.
If I am to ask, I will then leave, stop the relationship, and move on with my life.
Hey, do not get me wrong.
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes, but he did not act like it.
Where am I going with this?
Keep getting her younger and younger guys. As one gets old, get a new one for her.
You know that is if you did not play the guilt trip.
That does not mean it makes it right, it means that it makes us human.
It is a mistake that cannot be undone.
Practice unwrapping starburst with your tongue, and tying cherry stems with it.
Did you catch her looking at you?
I know three men that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
Ask her out or tell her you like or admire her.
If he is going to be an on and off guy like that, I say dump him for good.
If they do not, then you will have to move on with your life.
I have never been to it.
Complement her, ask her name, and act like you are the smoothest guy ever.
She calls him all the time.
How should I approach her and be more than just another guy hitting on her?
Wait a little while, then date guys that way you enjoy it more.
Someone who is never "bitchy" just because she thinks it is cool, it is not.
No, because you do not have any decision power on what to do.
I know. Why should I hide it?
Some men do not like to dance.
She is not your friend because she will not stop bothering you.
I wish I had listened to my friends.
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is not really interested?
Do I want to be in love?
Why do they want to be married?
No brainer. Oh, and nice picture of George Clooney on your profile.
Some women cannot seem to find men their own age attractive.
Some do, but I would rather have a pair that were not too big.
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are.
Yes, it looks very nice on any girl.
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other.
Anyway, my question is, will I always feel that way?
Listen to Faith Hill's song Love Ain't Like That, it is a great example.
Please do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt.
The girlfriend should accept that if she loves you.
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs.
If you guys still keep in touch, I do not think that is the best thing to do.
I like this boy Austin and I told my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me.
You are killing the romance by asking that stupid question. Have you ever thought of having fun together instead?
Trust me, he is a player.
It depends. They all like different people, but not self-enterd freaks like you.
I think that is fantastic, maybe you should make the first move.
If he doesn't like you, he's not worth it in the first place.
Well, just go up to her.
It is a good idea to always be honest. Not many guys I know like being told they are attractive.
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men do.
Just face him and say, "Hey, I like you wanna see a movie?"
That is why they call it making love.
Smile to him once in a while and he will know.
Most girls are polite and will answer it.
I would. You sound a lot like my best friend.
Say hello when you are taking me to dinner?
It really depends on the guy, but I think most guys really do not care.
If you want it to work out, it will.
If he does not want to dance, then give it up.
But you know what, I feel the guy should make the first move.
Without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty.
Take it from a military girl, just wait.
You never know, girl. They never show effects, only when they want something.
I am 49 years old and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with.
Do you mean seem more sexy?
Go to deleted items and it should be there.
This is a red flag of how this guy is.
It may be because your name is freakgirl, but if you show your face, maybe there are no hard feelings.
That would be very painful. Trust me, I have been there and done that.
Do you love her deeply?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate.
No, the only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his lady love.
Yes, I have done it and it was a lot of fun.
Gotta let the person you are with know what you want.
Of course, if she calls five times a day about that, it would be crazy.
Hang in there for one that appeals to you.
My mom books them all of the time.
Besides, don't you think he has enough to worry about?
I have been dating a guy that is younger than I am.
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
It's got to get played out after a while.
Everybody likes to be told that they are attractive, even if they do not admit it.
Yes, but it depends on the man.
Maybe because you think they look sexy when they are running on the field.
You are too young to be talking about kissing already.
I will tell her soon because she is my best friend.
I agree with the other preson, before anyone gets hurt.
I am ready to move on, but I love him way too much.
Go out and do everything you couldn't do when you were with him/her.
Obviously, men are not much better.
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits?
You should play a truth or dare game together.
He sounds like he is a manipulative jerk.
Slow down the pace, maybe, four play.
Death is similar to a big black bag full of crack, smack, or meth.
PRACTICE Kissing Me. Where do you live?
No, you will not. I was married to a complete arsehole and I know.
It sounds like you really love her, so there is no need to forget her.
Tell him that you just want to be friends, and that you are very disappointed that he would act so unintelligent.
It always finds a way to get out in the open, just do not do it.
What is the matter with chest hair?
As for now, I think he is mad, hurt, upset, and has got over you.
Give your brother some money and tell him to leave you alone.
No offense, but it kind of sounds like a girls name, but no disrespect intended.
Be calm and ask her out on a date.
Well, after you take her out, get to know her and then go for the kill, ask her out.
People do not like to be yo-yoed with.
Practice unraping starburst wrappers with your tongue, the girls love it.
I do not know.  I just want the points.
That's not exactly true, it's just that most girls are discreet about it.
That depends on whether or not you are attractive with a body.
I told him it was too late. Other than that, I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes.
Believe in is a strange way to put it, to believe in.
Why can't men, or boys in your case, ever say the word "love"?
Just enjoy the age you are, and do not worry about all of this.
Even though I am 19, I like anything up to 30 years old.
I had a friend who was in the same situation.
Trust me, women are just as perverted as men.
You should not go out with a guy because you feel the need to.
Dude, what you are saying is that she does not want to be more than boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is it usually about a year before both people begin to feel comfortable in that comfortable, boring, stage?
Probably because I knew all of my girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
I think that as long as you do not base your relationship on sex, it is okay.
But some men would do that.  Why?
If you are the average guy, your breast size should not matter.
Stay far away from men who can't say they like you.
Yes, you should ask for permission by all means, and watch how fast she will slap you.
Honey, my husband likes me for who I am.
My mom also has cancer, and this just hits too close to home for me.
Then be your best self. If he is impressed or likes you, he will talk back.
You do not want anyone else but that person, ever.
Why don't you try chatting or seeing other guys just to catch his reaction?
However, it is okay to kiss on the first date if you want.
Guys have a problem with secrets.
I had someone get nasty with me, because I was still dating?
So, how do I kiss him?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister, and I want it to be perfect.
No, unless it is with the wrong man.
