Are any of the babies deformed ?
Aspen , Colorado , has its best music festival , you can sit on its mountain and play .
You can buy almost anything on eBay .
Everybody wants a piece of me .
not 50 cents and his entire team of fools . These people are giving hip-hop a bad name .
It is not what I saw .
I want to be on TV .
Do not let anyone decide your fate but yourself .
50 is just going with the flow .
The blind Klan is funny .
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge . 411 sounds like a good album . in the old school musical .
Do you have a two-pound brick ?
I 'm just going to go and ask another stupid question .
For a man who does not like romantic movies , this is really nice .
I can still see my brother is 45 in my head .
In my day Emo was a comedian .
Why are you sitting here listening to Locke or Jack or Sid ?
I like the PM going door to door looking for that girl .
Every time I hear that song , I 'm like , `` Oh , my God .  ''
This is the stupidest thing I have seen in years .
It is a long way from my savior on my deathbed .
I will probably see them in a couple of months .
That is why they need to open the hatch door so badly .
He should be in jail .
I think she is really good in this movie .
Nicole Kidman . I love her tits .
Oh , my God , I love this song . I 'm listening to this right now .
Tell him you want a threesome with another hot chick .
No , no , that is the witness .
Anyway , Shonem Jump.com is cool , and Fireshadow ninjas are awesome .
I think they would . Shame on them .
I 'm a huge green day fan !
Four eyes . My son loves this movie . I have to watch it at least four times a day .
`` American Idol  '' Season 5 , `` Who is your favorite ?  ''
My age , the gas , the price , my loins .
How on earth did you come up with these questions ?
Although I do agree with the slumlord , the women in the lodger
Blondie said it was great . They have got me on murder for the first time .
I 'm looking for the lyrics to `` Breathe Me  '' . Did anyone else like that song ?
I love the 80 is Hair Bandsek .
Does not look cute or what ?
I remember the whole song . Oh , my God .
Open your mouth a little bit .
I know , it is very old .
The Who ( I think ) Softbiscuit is all I know .
You mean the Kentuckybeau-2000 issue , right ?
It is people . four legs , two legs , three legs .
Brian asked the coolest question , but they suspended him . I do not know why .
Because you have no reason to .
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your sister .
No , I have never seen your baseball monte .
The blonde on the other side says you are on the other side .
And the girl said , `` No .  ''
The good old days are over .
That body , and hey , these lips .
Or take a look at this , too .
I can not believe you asked that question , but I will answer it .
Why not ? I can not imagine .
I think it is an ugly girl .
My dad looks like Paul Newman . My ex looks like Paul Newman .
I can not believe you had to ask .
Your mother is so stupid . She needs a glass to see the punch .
He went crazy , hit Katie , jumped on people is couch tops .
I hope this is for you kids . That was a bad grade .
Shamrocks are great , do not get me incorrect , but I like crimson .
I like goth . What is the matter ? Go out with him .
Why ? What is incorrect with his hair ?
I respect Tyrella Banks for trying to host a show . but Opal has won .
My dad likes action movies . My mom likes romance movies , but I like comedy .
If I 'm going to be useful , I will come out and kick your ass !
group discussion about why you did not have a party .
running off with the wife of two men .
Try voodoo zombie magic , but , of course , you could be a fish , not a fish .
I have a new pair of gold heels , earrings , and an eyeballed gold pouch .
Virgo is so outgoing , so pick me .
What is a wedding band ? The last one .
icole Kidman is better looking .
I 'd rather play World of Warcraft , but this .
Does anyone know where she is ?
I do not know how old you are . You should be 18 . Look at them .
That is the funniest joke I have ever heard .
Well , I 'm just glad they did not let us see the potholes .
I think they have all kinds of
Too many . too many Baldwin brothers .
These two rednecks , the ultimate boys , are the glue snipers .
Your mother is so stupid . She tried to put the initials on Mr. and Mrs .
Dakota Fanning . I know she is only 12 , but she is famous .
I 'm still looking at the home video system . I like the look of it .
Why does everybody keep asking me that ?
If the groundhog was paying attention to his weight , it probably would not have been abandoned at all .
They do not have a second season .
And then I saw some of his movies , and he was great !
We Filipinos work hard , we speak English very well . and we are very clever .
`` supplement --  '' - what is the problem with Yungnbeauty Ful1 ?
American idol , Dr. House , and Grey is anatomy .
I 'm looking for new music .
Put salt in the sugar bowl .
I 'd rather hear about Billy Joel .
Why are you locked in the car ? Why do not you open the car ?
Maybe he just needs to improvise a little bit more .
I just did not care enough to check it out .
The man said , `` I can not take your money .  ''
Jodie Foster , the best ever .
You , on the hoof , on the hoof , on the hoof , on the hoof , on the hoof
Yeah , I love them both .
I 'm sorry I answered your question . I do not know .
I do not hate him , but he makes my skin wrinkle .
You seem to have forgotten what tender and attentive is .
I 'm not saying he is cute !
because we are going to be singing again and again .
I will open the car because I 'm inside .
In any case , you can play Peter , Susan , Lucy , or Edmond .
Fruit shells must be . though some crazy seasons are coming to an end !
I like chicken wings , I do not like eggs , so I will have the chicken wings .
Today I went to Best Buy , and I have never seen a TV show , and that is all the discs .
No doubt about it . Kevin Costner , have you forgotten the future of Waterworld ?
Still have not dug it up .
You 're not stupid ! , You just lack knowledge .
It is - it is my fantasy , I can do anything I want !
Not as a child , but as an adult . I cry every time I look at it .
She is , without a doubt , the best .
Usually they are about your personality , but it is not about the way you live your life .
I love Tara . She 's got a great show ,
But that is a good question .
There is no doubt that early material would be suitable for the ska type .
God made the chicken , and then the chicken ordered the chicken .
Is that crap wrestling still on ? Ha-ha-ha .
Anyway . I think Jessica Simpson was unwise .
My girlfriend tried this on me last year .
I know some people do not like them , but I 'm still
It keeps me up at night .
I think it is Beyonce , because Janni Lopez has no brains .
Cut the chitchat . I 'm cooking .
Do not live off of it .
Do not let your drunken friend have sex with a zombie .
I 'd like to spank his cute little butt , too . His wife is so cute .
Calm down , honey . Everything is going to be okay .
That is why we have to put up with it .
Simple : fewer people like taboo and Usama .
Try calling your radio or go on the internet and ask for help .
eBay , you can find anything on eBay .
Can somebody give me that information ?
I love that movie so much .
This is one of the funniest cartoons ever made .
It is Dylan is song , but I do not know which one .
Yeah , I think he might be .
Stupid , so you always need more or need another one .
I do not know what is best . There is lots of good ones .
Yeah , well , this is a Korean singer . He is great .
Carrie , the Archmagus of the Elves , was screaming . If you have seen something worse , you can say it .
How could anyone hate Tom Cruise ?
This is a tricky one . It is important .
They all s*** . Pangett rock band number one .
Especially when she made fun of Jessica Simpson is car wash .
It is not like a portable video game , but it is enough .
I do not see what this has to do with who is better looking .
Juni , Pink Floyd , the Police , the Eagles , Rush . Oh , my God .
And you can charge your iPod when you listen to it .
I hope no one is offended : Blondie jokes .
If so , what have they done to you ?
The actress chose Resnick Spun and Zac Efron is so sexy !
I said , `` O'malley .  '' His hair , his clothes , his body , he is a three-time loser .
She put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she could sleep .
That is why the Rec Gay film industry is there .
Look at the film `` 9 weeks and 1 / two  '' , Mickey Rourke is very sexual !
If you are not sure what is going to happen , sure it will . Oh , yeah !
so she could have been the voice of Betsy is mother
So the blonde comes home , gets on her knees , starts blowing out the tailpipe .
Wayne , did Brady have to strangle a bitch ?
depending on your taste in music and what you actually like .
I love The City Sleeps , and if I only had a Brain , they are so great !
Next time , pick something more original .
Of course I dreamt about Jenny .
So , no , I do not listen to her anymore .
I 'd watch Brokeback Mountain with him all summer .
Why ? Oh , why do you ask ?
It is Tom Cruise . What do you expect .
They have rope for you to buy .
I liked Juni is Open Arms . but I liked Mariah Carey better .
I 'd almost forgotten -- blah , blah .
Next time , ask a better one .
I 'm going to the factory today .
Do you know what he does ?
Mine . Well , I actually have some favorite ones .
Sure , but if you score more , you can ask for more .
Anyway , it is a long movie .
This does not make any sense . Wait a minute . Oh , I get it .
Yes , are you a homosexual ?
I wish people could see beyond the zodiac .
She won first prize in the school draft , and Kevin lost .
I think most American raps s*** .
She 's a natural . I 'd be disappointed if she did not win .
Who are you to ask such ridiculous questions ?
The part I love is Jace . He is so lame .
You can not believe the rumors .
No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
This TV show is a little weird .
Okay , yeah , even I 'm here right now .
Well , I might pee my pants first , and then I will come out of there .
I 'm going to have to choose a new one on the block .
I spend my money , I enjoy myself , and I do not let go of more than I can handle .
I want a gentleman , but a man is touch .
Then you can have all your money back , or most of it .
I know it is cheesy . but I love the joke .
I agree . My turtle does this all the time . He is healthy .
I 'm looking for a technical code , please , please .
Wow , I really s*** at observing .
She 's got a great body , but I do not know what is inside of her . and I have never heard of her .
She tried to drown a fish .
When * When * * Can I have some medicine *
La vie boh豕me And take me away from me
She says , `` Hey , how you going to get to the other side ?  ''
Good luck to you , Kate .
I can not remember the last time I turned on the TV .
The kid is only , like , six or seven years old .
Me , but if I see any more questions about them here , I 'm going crazy !
But then he wanted to die . and he said please !
Nicole Kidman was prettier , more sophisticated , and more accomplished as an actor .
I love acting . My friends say I 'm good at acting .
Explain to your parents that you really want to do this .
I will run , but first I will beat them up .
I may not vote for him , although Malaria may be the sexiest first lady ever .
No , she was sent home tonight .
Yes : Who would not want to marry a hot Caspian Urban ?
Maybe now it is over for dramatic effect .
50 cents is great , and it is got lumps .
I do not like rap because there is too many people .
Blowing your stomach makes you run .
Most of the time , it is real .
Sarah , but he did not actually propose .
People just beat each other up and scream and stuff .
A woman in my church named Lauren H .
If that is the young Ninja Turtles , I will join them .
and amp ; I 'm not always rockin ' and amp ; Screamin ' and amp ; pluckin '
People are just dull and want his money .
But I will not give up trying .
to play down on Disney , see if there is anything there .
Shit , I do not think it is special .
I will call you for help .
No , but I cried when the king of Simba died . before the emotional stability prescription drug was introduced .
There is a lot of interesting YouTube from today .
I was trying to see how things were going .
Why are not hemorrhoids called `` Asteroids  '' ?
Your mother is so stupid . She put out the cigarette that heats the house .
If they do come back ( I hope not ) Here is to you .
My friend says if you learn the simplest four notes , you can play a song .
If he is the one you want to be with , I 'd say go for it .
I really do not have a favorite movie .
I 'd keep the baby , but I 'm afraid he is going to be a freak . Any suggestions ?
Yeah , they are twins . and they are great . and I think one Heather and the other Haitian Haitian haitian haitian haitian haitian haitian haitian haitian haitian .
Plus , it is pretty sexy for an old man .
I 'm Chuck Norris . and my name says so .
If my pet bird is too flapping , my pet cat might eat a plum .
`` She 's like the wind .  ''
I hope this is not a trick question , but I 'm reinventing .
I guess he is a very handsome man .
I love that show . I watch it all the time .
The police said , `` Here is a picture of you .  ''
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory are cool . It is got his other movies .
God , it is stupid not to ask .
Just because you meet these people on the road does not mean you can take them all !
What if a dead man ran away from a cemetery ?
I was in a bunch of shows .
My son loves him , and I think he is cute .
All right , all right , all right .
How dare he call her child an orphan ?
Because there are many hints in the story that Archie married Betty Crocker .
It is like , it is offensive to everyone .
I 'm going to see them in five months and I can not wait !
It sounds strange , but try Goodwill . They have a lot of nice things that people do not want anymore .
dress her up like a boy scout .
The only reason I 'm looking at it now is because Tom Wearing is very handsome .
My favorite book is the Fires .
Yo , mama is so dumb , she is got a mouth on her forehead saying she is trying to make her head better .
My husband made me love it , but I did not think much of it this season .
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , I guess not . I have really seen better .
I do not know who the original singer is
Maybe I 'm just stupid , but I do not get it .
On my ninth birthday , I got a Milli Vanilli song .
Have you ever heard of a kleenex ?
I know you have seen better , but it still makes me laugh .
I was once said to look like Timothy Hatton , but I was young .
It is confusing to me . It is more like a mini movie .
First of all , do not tell anyone . You know you will never forget it .
If he is so obsessed with vegan that eating animal crackers is a crime , we can help him .
Jennifer Hudson . - I 'm nothing .
If this is true , her sister is a giant .
My grandmother used her walking stick .
I 'd pick kiwi girls because they are sarcastic .
I think it turns red when he is angry . It turns yellow when it is cold .
Vince Vaughn , he is super funny and he is really creepy .
Your mom was so stupid , when they said they sucked , she went and got the toilet paper .
Well . if it is really you , then I guess it is 15 pictures in a picture , straight up .
Yeah , they are fine . great song .
Because in one of her songs , she talks about sexual pressure on her boyfriend .
I have three : GjKcenVB , Typlmkeg , and JHdenblen .
And when there is no egg .
Modern music , of course , is a paranoid robot .
You need to rent the sweetest thing !
I wish the Sith or the scorpion would come out and fight me .
I think she did it for fame . I do not care .
Well , I would say Brad Pitt , if he had not broken up with Jennifer Aniston .
She can go trick-or-treating on the phone .
It is no big deal that a little Kryptonite can not be fixed .
I think she is getting off his butt .
Kelly , Kathryn , Chris , Ace , absolutely .
I have seen it a hundred times , and I 'm still smiling .
very close to camp , people stealing , and , like , ten children dying of an overdose .
But free airfare , accommodation , meals / and the days .
Kazza or Limewire , and I think Eztrackz is involved .
Someone in the middle . the best in the world !
All good movies . You can not judge .
and burn them into audio cds . which will turn them into CDA formats , although some players do not play CDRS .
Oh , I do not agree with you .
Say , if you want to play this game , son , you must learn to play it right .
If you must know , the answer is no .
Because they want you to buy 40 of each : 4 hot dogs and 8 buns of buns :
Not everyone hates him , but I hate him so much .
Besides , she is a crazy *
In order of . 1 , Chris Brown , two . Bow wow , three , O'Mariah .
Okay , my advice is to make your own .
I really do not want to hear that answer . Oh , great , just follow your dreams or something , you know .
I 'm looking for a DVD version of the Aladeen cartoon series . where I can find one .
If a brick weighs 1 .5 pounds and you have 1 .5 bricks , then the answer is two . 25 .
It all depends on what type you like .
These animation studios do like orphans , or they are programmed to be orphans .
Because he thinks people need good comedy .
I like hip-hop , rap , rock ' n ' roll and pop music , but my favorite type is R and amp ; B .
Yes , because he is Chan .
Yeah , I 'm over seven years old .
It is got a great voice , and , uh , it is great .
Who could come up with that many V is ?
My sister looks like Kalishma Kapoor , a very famous Indian movie star .
And , no doubt , comics have been and always will be .
It is a way to keep it out of your system . so do not be foolish and use it well .
Anything that stimulates a positive feeling .
a minute or so later
The eggs are frowning and looking a little bit angry .
He can not wipe his own ass , but he talks smart .
Alan Moore was complaining that
I love this guitarist , and how can they solo ?
Did you really pay to see that ?
You better love them , because they are the most attractive boys there .
Even with Norton is antivirus software , I can access porn .
If she is not interested , it is her loss .
You do not understand because you are blonde .
Yeah , what was that all about ?
See if this baby drools from both sides of his mouth .
Why limit yourself to one thing ?
In between , because you want a man who knows what he wants and is nice to you .
I 'm just talking about faith . There is no other .
The journal of a crazy black woman . It is a bad movie .
I know , it is a song !
Make sure there is a hot girl in there . It will help .
I 'm going to get three digits .
Lynn , because she is the funniest .
There is never a free ringtone .
SAW is ten times better than SAW2 .
Your mother is so stupid , she thinks Lawsuit is the dress you wear in court .
I have got Milli Vanilli and a set of Air Supply songs .
what about a romantic movie ? In other words , a woman is movie .
He asked again , slightly irritated , and a girl answered , no .
Of course she is stupid . Her husband does not even love her . She 's too weak .
So what kind of president do you think he will make ?
I was worried when you came to me .
What kind of animation do you do ?
I hate the RBD too . they are a bunch of old men and families dressed like high school kids .
Maya is husband - Darnell , because he is so cute .
You mean all the actors who played Superman ?
Be the kind of bird that makes you happy and turns your pet bird on .
The simple plan is , of course , you like them better !
I really like true love waiting for this song .
I 'm glad Gideon Gay is gone . He is irritating .
Yeah , it turned me into a human hose .
Tupac would not go to that man .
I hope it does not eat your grits from the inside out .
I think more people would like him if he was not so forthright about politics .
Try Limewire.com . It is free , but you have to download it .
Of course . animal crackers are cooked in a delicious ,
It is one of my favorites .
You probably have not read one of Doyle Brunson is great books .
I did not choose them at first .
I just saw the M.C . movie .
I do not know . I did not look .
It depends on what kind of music you like . If you like rap , you should listen to 2Pac , my unborn son .
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard .
I know what they are called . They are called titties .
I want to play CDS in the car is CD player and a CD player .
Your mother was a fool to sell her car for gas money .
I am a girl , but only lesbian pornography can mention me .
Do not worry . I got your back .
I will probably drink everything in that damn bar till I find you attractive .
I 'm sorry , I still have not seen it , but the others have . I have already destroyed it .
I do not like any of them , but Salvador Dali definitely has more talent .
Yes . How did you get the beans on top of Frank is ?
I do not think they should eat gummi bears either .
People should not be afraid of governments . Governments should be afraid of their people .
They simply express what they like and then create a vivid tone :
I do not want a funeral on my honor , anyway . Thank you !
There is a dark-haired team and a blonde team .
Not to be bitter , but to inform you :
She 's as giddy as the rest of them .
American comedy duo Cheech and Chong in the smog
I have so many . However , Maroon 5 and the House of Life are my absolute favorite , including all their songs .
I like his music , but people accuse him of child molestation .
Your favorite song happens to be their favorite song .
It is kind of sad , because I grew up with one .
If you want to see a handsome man go see Velveev Varro or Baba Maggila .
I have worked in yachting for 30 years , met a lot of celebrities .
My options would be Milli Vanillie , Vanilla Ice and Snow .
Say , if you are going to play this game , boy , you got ta learn to play it right .
Now , there are thousands of men in the world who dream of dating her .
The rabbit 's foot only works on people , not on their own .
TECHNO SIMPLY GRABBED YOUR SPINAL CORD AND FORCED IT
It is very interesting , but it has a sick sense of humor .
It was a completely feminine performance .
I used to work for the government .
A man asked me , ' Where is the fox from the mystery pizza ?
If she has a cane , you can run without worrying she will get you !
I still am . Alia is a good singer . I miss them .
Your mother is so stupid , she thinks it is a game to fat people like Chuby Checkers .
Yes , we are trying to make ourselves happy .
Little by little . you have won my love .
I have never heard of it . I 'm sorry .
Wheels of steel , movies of Underdog
I have to say , white chicks and dumb people and .
Hey , that 'd be a great comic for Gary Larson . two pigs in bed watching the Rescues .
Erich Springer B / C David Letterman is a $ Y lopstick
No , I 'm sure Paris or Madison will win .
Thank you . I 'm gay , too . That is why I asked .
For a rock and roll romance
Because you met them on the road , but that does not mean they are with you .
Yeah , sometimes when I need a lot of help ,
It has to be MP3 and it has to be on itunes .
This perfect man knows who I am and agrees with me .
So far , I have not heard that she is back here .
He is been traveling around the world , so he is a card hanger .
Why are these men so rude to my girlfriend ?
Rubber soul , a revolver and a Sergeant Pepper is Lonely Hearts Club band .
Wow , that is a hard one .
I like Harry Potter . Ha , ha , ha .
I do not know . but I think they will be as miserable as the Rolling Stones are today .
What do you mean , get you close ?
My kids and I love that show .
He made me a dinner :
That is great . I listen to this every morning !
The Elves say they have three wishes . One for each of them .
Have you ever heard of the crazy season ? If not , you should .
Yeah , sometimes it is fun to read them and always remember something positive and forget about the negativity .
Girls think they have to be famous or no one likes them , but it is just incorrect .
He is the apple of our eye .
I can not have an outgoing life
I quit when I was , like , 30 .
Please do not make me list all of these .
My favorite movie includes Manchurian Candidate Bitch Girl , oh , yeah , Mona Lisa
He chose Sarah , but rumor has it , they have split up .
Tell him . Let him know you want to marry him .
Girlfriend is one of my favorite shows .
And his girlfriend is a singer too .
Best Buy had a lot of hard movies and TV shows .
Do we really want them to be together ?
Or you could try : a wedding wrecker or a 40-year old .
Shut the f*** up , Cherie Wright .
A brunette , a blonde , and a redhead walking down the street .
She saw a blonde on the other side .
I hope that answers your question .
Treat me like a gentleman , unless necessary .
I love them , and they are so cute !
Now , imagine how many people he hurt by saving all that money for himself .
Second , I will take yellow cards , then simple plans and bowling balls , and then red pepper .
I think the stars have a terrible influence .
There is a really funny joke about rap .
Tom Cruise is in it . for me , it looks like the definition of a crappy movie .
I do not know , but they look great together .
She 's got more movies , Katie . What do you have ?
She used to be a little girl .
Besides , I 'm looking forward to getting an answer .
I 'm not looking back at another one of Gary is songs .
Who are you looking for ? Me ?
I just want to rip the wobbly bits off !
I did not realize you were a cop .
Oh yeah , is it two dimensions or three dimensions ?
I 'm a vegan , and I love them .
I do not know , but this is a great song song song song .
I bet he 'd be smarter than Bush .
Try purevolum.com . free downloads of MP3 .
A man who goes to my husband is school . has prepared . a urine sample .
I missed it last night . but I wanted to see Kevin walk .
Yo , I just got a MP120 and I 'm looking for a good website ( free or paid ) to download .
Is this zombie your boyfriend or .
All scientology rituals , rules , everything !
Paris was Queen Bimbo , Jessica was just one of her many yellows .
When you get rid of the mosquitoes , they stop feeding .
Name your favorite actress or male actor .
Try riding a horse , I hear , is very dangerous . and I hear that Christopher Riff is dead .
I do not like them . they sound really stupid .
Word to Hollywood : Stop remaking the classics .
You could be referring to an apartment in the ' 60s .
I do not know . Maybe you can look it up on her website .
When you put the brick down , it will not follow you .
I wanted to make a gun that day . It was not my ha-ha-ha .
I 'm sure they do , but you should not let your life revolve around them .
I think if you are famous , you do not have enough time to sit around and answer questions .
One is Isivaya Rai , an Indian shawl .
There is a lot of attractive stuff in the ' 60s .
I just want you to know that I love Superman .
I made a lot of them on tape , but I watch DVDs .
Yeah , I read it , and it is cheesy .
I love Green Day , and I 'm a huge fan .
It is not funny . and I do not think she likes it either .
They are a really good band . I kind of like them .
Guns N ' Roses . why does Alex is ego destroy the very foundations of rock ' n ' roll our generation ?
Tara , she is so much prettier .
It is nice to have a man who is nice to you ,
A very dear friend of mine is a Cajun .
If you are referring to the number of band members , the answer is three , but `` zztop  '' has two .
A lot of my friends would think of them .
You know the perfect place to be a movie star in New England ?
I like a little bad boy .
Your mother was so fat . she got stuck in the air .
I think it is Edwin Staten .
Pretty big , if you are chewing a bubble .
All I need is money and love .
about how he did not leave or did not betray her .
It really is eight miles .
Baby Angel , because it reminds me of my dog .
Everyone here who says they love America is idiots is incorrect .
Let me guess . You 're a Republican .
Does anyone know the address ?
So you can get rid of him .
But . you can say that about anyone .
I will go first , but I do not have to give in .
Ravina Tanton is known to be abusive , so be careful .
when John Wayne kicked Bruce Dunn in ' Coyboys '
It takes a while to get used to .
with a napkin and then .
He sounds like a nice man .
They knew they did not get a good seat : confused .
I ate the chicken , and then I ate his leg . Ha , ha . It is a song from Beastboy . Eggman .
Except AC / DC , they kick ass and Bon Scott is the coolest singer ever .
Heaven on the seventh is possible , but it is irrelevant .
Imagine what this man can do . and then he or she can get away with it .
Spitti Gonzalez is a pain in the ass , and Tom and Jerry are so naive .
'' Slide `` and  '' Keep Life `` are good movies .
I went to St Ives . and this man and all his problems were headed in the other direction .
If they are like most , they should change the ad agency .
When he was cleaning the ashtray in his room , he shouted : `` Here is a honey pie for you .  ''
This question reminds me of that song .
It is so sexy , but I like it .
My favorite is George Clooney . and he is very handsome .
but it is time to move on .
by sharing procedures like the Limewire Derby .
I love it . and I love Veronica Mars .
Please do not tell anyone what I said to you .
Thank you again from the state of New York .
Your age . dude , that is a little old .
RIE-RIE IS DEFINITELY WORTH IT AT THIS POINT .
Did you know that the Beta team from Ya would like to answer these questions .
I do not think so , but . it is better to throw out a proper name than give me an honest one .
You can not play the banjo .
Lynn took these words off my keyboard .
Yes . I tried on another dress .
I love these girls , especially aaliyah , who are smiling in heaven :
from McCartney and people like Lindsay Lohan .
For a man , it is Chris Aziz or Taylor , but for a woman , it is Mandi , Catherine , Lisa .
That is funny . My family is nothing like that .
Is he still his music or both ?
If they had a fight , rock would win .
Unlike a wayward kid yelling at his father and skateboard .
Some of the information I saw on TV that he did , is that true ?
to jump on the bandwagon and make the word so obscure that it almost no longer has any definition .
I like Abercrombie and my I.D .
Paris Hilton is a thoughtless , talented , vicious , disgusting , despicable whore .
Maybe you can use these for next year .
How much does it weigh ? You 're damn right !
Are you a fan or something ?
I 'm Chili Pepper , Simple Plan , Bowling Soup , Yellow Pages , or The Rumble Boys .
I 'm almost certain it is a loon .
Friday , next Friday , next Friday , or white chick .
Blondie flips around in her purse , still can not find it , asks what my license looks like .
That is my song with my boyfriend !
What do you mean bad ?
Snoopy , it is best to go home !
No , I do not know , but maybe it was jealousy .
I did not used to watch his movies because I did not think he was good-looking .
I have always liked Green Day since Dookie , and I still love it , love it , love it !
My brother looks like an ugly Kathy Bates .
He may be strange , but he is not a fool .
Your mother is so stupid . She stole a free baguette .
Get a webcam , record it , put it on YouTube .
Oh , come on . Chris ' number looks like an encore from the Genesis concert .
I 'm going to go with the cow .
A drunk man goes crazy and says , `` Fuck you .  ''
We spell `` Color  '' as `` Colour  '' and not `` C ,  '' O Lin Powell is a `` C  ''
I like Lonely Nation and Goldilocks .
I believe this is at the end of the third movie .
I loved him , I do not anymore , but I do not hate him .
Roll them up into a tight ball , and then pop this .
Do not touch that in Charlie is Angels , but I do not know who is . Please .
He can only hear the person breathing . Breathe , breathe , breathe , breathe .
He needs to respect . me and my people .
He needs to put his hand where it belongs .
I do not know , but the voice-over was unpleasant .
8 miles is good , but it is old .
I 'm not gay , I just want you to know , but you should already know Beyonce is always more attractive .
You can Google it , you can try Best Buy and Best Vision .
It is either full house or it is fresh .
No one knows where to find an actor ?
It all depends on where you got your horoscope .
Mine are SubIime . They are reaIIy good .
I love this song . Stupid girl .
He left , but never came home .
I do not know . the man I invented these names has ADD .
She tried to send a letter wrapped in food stamps .
I love classic rock , but I have never heard anything but rap music .
Count me in . I do not remember their names .
there is only one man who would do that .
I mean , you are yelling , not singing .
It depends on how you feel about miracles .
It is Paris Hilton , but I do not like any of them .
It did not come out because of the game . and it did not come out until the third day .
Your mom is so stupid . She thinks quarterbacks are tax rebates .
She got hit by a glass and told the police she 'd been robbed .
I 'm sure . Very happy , Stacee .
We are going on a picnic !
My ass is burning . Wow , you smell so good .
What is your favorite movie and why ?
I really like the Enchantment and the Elves and all his other movies .
But wait . are you gay or are you gay ?
He was hanged ; was it really the water beneath his feet ?
He might say something like , we are not real .
Jessica Simpson is a babbling fool .
Because Kevin and Catherine are starting to wonder
It could be Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt , even though they are both horrible .
Michael Jackson does not have another hit album .
I like watching them with my boyfriend .
It is a little nifty . - I might try it myself .
Ghost Street series was scary . I like scary .
You do not have to pay Limewire for free .
Favorite band , favorite song of Dreamtheater , constantly changing .
I 'm pretty sure it is him .
They are not . they are entertainment . it is a stupid competition .
I love her , and she will surprise me . I hope she is at peace .
The parents stopped and his mother got out of the car quickly and put the covers over her .
I have a VCR I have never used before . so it is on the market and it is going to be a long one .
There is so much pornography and curse in rap music .
He jumped out of his skin and had a heart attack .
He said , `` He is a bad man .
I like her fun , but they make her kind of slutty , and she is a freeloader .
Southern gentleman of the south :
Zapp is the accomplice of the main killer .
The site said something about a sequel , but I 'm not sure when it is going to come out .
I do not want your opinion . - I need your source .
Just the stars , him and me , he will be my sex slave . You can not end this . It is a cliche .
She turns the crocodile over and says , `` Hell , this crocodile does not have any shoes !  ''
When you are just sitting there , doing nothing , just watching TV or something .
Who laughs at an orphan ?
For example : John likes to collect comic books directly from Japan .
until the next season on this show .
Still struggling to get up off the floor .
Just pretend you have done it before and prove you are hard .
which means they all have green horns .
Who do you think is better ?
Yeah , I feel like I 'm an attractive person .
I do not have a favorite band , but my favorite singer is Maria Chung .
She 's a great athlete and a tomboy , but that does not make her a lesbian .
I 'm a huge Superman fan . I bet you can tell by now .
I do not know if everybody is , but I am .
My friends talk about me because I 'm constantly yelling at him in my apartment .
Why do you only have a brick and a half ?
I think they accepted that .
He took a nice Catholic girl and turned her into a Scientologist , Katie Helms , very ignorant .
DVDS has gone global !
Personally , I do not like one artist more than another artist .
Because there is no such thing !
Gretchen Wilson . I think she is hot .
Randy can be a little eccentric . Paula seems weak . and Simon seems a bit brutal , sometimes .
It means nothing to me .
Never trust a false heart .
Never been kissed . Well , not really , but just now I 'm looking at it .
I agree , because I like to listen to it once in a while .
This is obviously hypothetical , although I feel strongly about other views .
It is kind of like a young John Wainwright movie , Brokeback Mountain .
I do have the cassette , but I want the cd version of the album .
I 'm sure you will both like it .
Stop the zombies in the city !
No , but I know a man .
Your boss likes you a little too much , but be careful .
It is all about fear , baby . Ha-ha-ha .
e-mail me , maybe we can be friends .
What did the beaver say to the wood ?
I thought it was him , too , but I 'm not so sure .
If everyone is hands are up , you have to have a green one .
Not me , but I was in an orchestra once .
I wipe them on the floor or on the bed .
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner .
You know , you should really work on that .
He just wants to go eat .
No , I found this man disgusting .
I can . I do not have an ego , but I do not . I 'm pretty .
Of course you should keep the baby . It is your fault you wanted to go , but now you are getting paid for teaching .
If Freud can do it , I believe the Beatles can or can not .
Dr . Sleepy , cranky , sneezing , happy , insensitive , shy .
Tell them to pay the rent and the phone bill .
Shooting them turned into a long time joke . What has seven arms and is bad ?
A muffin looks at the person sitting next to him and says , `` Gee , it is too hot in here .  ''
I 'm not letting any of them out of my bed .
He better not let her .
What the hell ? Your picture looks terrible . Do not dress like that . People might think you are gay .
I have the latest . I can get movies , music , pictures and documents .
Go buy the soundtrack !
Besides , she needs a real job .
So if there is anyone who really understands the movie , can you let me know what it is about ?
The cops , the band , everything she does ,
Pilots , inspectors , rainbows , celebrities , kids ' names and stuff , but I do not remember .
What have we done to these people to make them so violent ?
Even if there is a love song in the Healer , most of their music is dark .
I like rhythm and blues .
It made me so happy :
He does not need any change .
Your mother is a fool . Her shoes are labeled TGIF . It means `` Toes go forward .  ''
I 'd love to meet my favorite band . I love rap music , especially Reliant K .
Another option is the Toronto Zoo is answer to `` Groundhog Ca not Throw Wood  '' . It is not a high quality answer .
As it approaches the end , the chicken makes a `` weee  '' sound .
I have not lost a single thing so far .
I like Rudy and Theo from high school .
I 'm sure it is a fun show , but I just do not like it .
I will always remember TLC . because they made the national anthem for the girls .
I like Joan because she is the most like me .
He gave us a song to keep on dreaming . A lot of us did .
It depends on how much gum you chew and the brand you chew .
Cabaret , yes . I tore up that line , but it is true .
I do not think she ever thought :
You really do not want to meet a woman in a bar . Have a good weekend !
No , you are not . You 're lacking .
Try and download 30 of them on your computer .
Well , that depends on who the elders are and why they hit me with a cane .
The Chinese got Rizza , Jizza , and Ghostface Killer !
Besides , I do not remember anybody else .
Are you saying that the speed is rotating every minute ?
She got stabbed in a gunfight .
A new addition to the Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
But if you have cash , buy a Tyler or a Martin .
Come on , you do not understand . At least I have Peggy Sue . Peggy , where is Sue ?
I thought it was a great performance .
Why has no one mentioned an evil death ?
Jesus Christ looks like me .
Maybe you mean a man in uniform .
So it must be the chicken .
I will pretend to fight them , then fall down and play dead .
Easy - Shakespeare is love , Romeo and Juliet is romance . But Paris Hilton is right behind us .
But Paris Hilton is right behind us .
But he has a little slang word for his walk .
All right , that is all you got .
Your mother was so ugly . the police gave her a ticket for indecent photographs .
You must be too young , otherwise you 'd know .
I think it is funny . What is it about ?
I do not know . I do not know .
They are not Bieber . Jesus is a recognized genius .
They always eat pizza in the neighborhood .
All my votes went to Tyler Hicks .
What are you doing with Dad ?
Hey , I think you mean psychic .
I like Superman , so I want to see who else likes Superman .
Some of the songs are one , two , pop ,
It was a two-point deal .
Her IQ is 145 , so Paris is not stupid .
When you do not talk or go out , maybe your relationship never started .
If you watch this , you can not go incorrect !
I know who Bam is .
The sound of two people together . Wow , I really like that sound .
You know , BLINK , the drummer from 182 .
I think it is like , forever or something like that .
They will call you as soon as they can .
Just because I 'm a girl . I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas .
I can not sleep . I need to know .
I guess that means Simon likes blondes .
I mean , who is afraid of pretty women ?
To me , it was definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie .
I like all the characters , Bill Cosby . So interesting and not so rude .
I do not know who Will is .
I do not think he likes it .
It is not . it is not one of them .
Celebrities are the reason why there are so many anorexic girls today .
How would you feel if someone threw a funeral for you at 60 or 70 ?
I was listening to that .
Angelina Jolie is sexier !
Why do not you push the network ?
Your mother was so stupid , she went to Disneyland , saw the sign of Disneyland leaving , turned around and went home .
What are you doing with Dad ?
I love them all , they are so in love , who else could love Blink 182 ?
I just saw it last week .
It is funny . That is why I like it .
Who knows . I think it is their time .
In that case , you can wait a little longer , right ?
In the interview , boss ; what is your wife is name ?
I do not blow or nothing , but I f*** rock .
I thought it was Missouri .
I picked Angelina Jolie , even though she stole Brad from Jennifer .
I thought Naomi Watts ' dress was weird , too big for her .
# Rapping , rock ' n ' roll #
I 'd love to see any of them win .
I bought about a thousand things with my dad .
Tom Wearing . looks like America is refusal to sing singers .
I do not think so . I do not hate it .
I do not even have to be gay .
What kind of person throws a funeral ?
Thanks for letting me vent about this stupid band .
I would not hesitate to choose my chemical romance .
I do not think anyone could find a song they liked at least .
Tell him you think you might be pregnant .
Duran , Madonna , Ladies ' Band , Alabama , in exile How could I forget . the Air Supply Band !
I do not trust your mother at all , silly .
Your mom has to get on the guitar .
And I will not let you near me .
The blonde on the boat said , `` This is , like , a sea of wheat ,
Well , honey , do not let it affect you .
He is a businessman . he can spend as much as he wants .
HOOPZ DOES N'T EVEN WANT A YELLOW CREAM .
Stop pretending and get on with your life !
They are all fucked up . Paris is a fool . Without talent , Jessica has lost her mind .
The last Madonna I loved was American . sorry . - Her time is almost up .
I do not believe Britney is stupid , even though some of the things she might do are stupid .
It is one of the best songs .
Depends on the gum you are chewing .
I like Ne-yo is . It is disgusting .
But he has to be a gentleman , because he has a good job and he pays well .
She 's the best talk show host ever .
Kevin . I do not really watch American Idol .
Beyonce , because she is younger , and she is a better dancer .
Especially when the chicken finally catches up with the man .
I do not even think it is a song .
Oh , yes , he is very sexy .
Aerosmith , Def Leopard and AC / DC . I 'm sorry , I have four ; Boston , too .
If you ask me , I get a little excited .
I like Jennifer Love Hewitt . she is great , her birthday is a day later than mine !
Why do they have to sound English ?
Not everyone hates him , but that is why some people hate him .
I do not think there is such a chord .
put a stone or a clamshell in his underwear or a Deodorant .
She thinks she needs a tokens to get on the Train .
50 cent movie , either rich or dead , or Eminem is 8 Mile .
Tiny Taser stun gun . A nice gift for the wife .
But it 'd be cool if they did a special reunion or something .
What are you doing back there ? Let is go !
Zac Efron , he is the hottest man in the world .
That damn Burger King was creepy .
Not me , but I know a lot of them .
And you can give away your information for free .
I can not wait to see that new movie .
If you do not like them , please do not .
Well , I like Lucius Malfoy .
Toto looked at the Lone Ranger and said the doctor said you 'd die .
The tickets to see the movie several times a week are ten dollars a note .
But I have one more question : Your mom is too fat to be baptized in SeaWorld .
Rachel Fuller - Maybe in my heart
Then I transferred to Nsnyder , and now I 'm listening to Stephen .
They are obviously stupid , not just confused .
Moriarty and so on , but who made this Peruvian play ?
Well , I guess it is not a real book , but it is a long comic-book book .
I will say `` vagina  '' in a different way .
I just need the name of the movie .
To hell with . They are one of the best .
We call it moo , moo , she calls it Linger .
How do you know that blondes have been on computers ?
I can not believe anyone cares .
Yeah , I come home late sometimes .
Dream Broad Boulevard , and at the end of September , a new song awoke .
She used to hang out with a lot of people .
Rock and roll , we hear more great rock stars , but not great rappers .
My little brother would ask such a question .
From the Hawaiian Coast Guard and the North Shore escorts , Jason Moa .
I love CB movies and bargains .
Yeah , there is a reset button .
They remind you of the people you are with , more like you .
I prefer bad boys with good manners .
David Lee is California girl . He was working with Van Halen .
It is one of the best original movies I have ever seen .
With so much therapy , you can even walk again . men driving along the road .
Oh , Green Day . What is the matter with you ?
Besides , I read an article about her being the highest-paid actress .
I do not know , I think it is the stupidest show ever !
Your mother is so stupid , she thinks the internet is your fishing net .
Men are like wine , the longer it goes , the better it goes .
I have always been a fan of the Wilderness Leopard . and I had to pick out any one of them .
I must have seen it in 1958 or something . that I do not remember nearly all the details . can anyone help ?
I believe it was M.C .
Perfect answer , do not you think ?
Good question . Simon got me , too .
I have not missed an episode .
I asked you to say it , okay ?
You made a lot of money .
Big fish , slow future is a pair of . classic AC / DC .
talk to the workers at Disney
I do not like Billie very much .
Your mother is a fool . She took a spoon to the Super Bowl .
Your mother was so stupid that she sold the car dealership for gas money .
There is nothing that rhymes with `` orange .  ''
It is a great band with great songs and lyrics .
Yes . try Aries . this is the one I used .
If you 'd like to put your quarters in your quarters , I can give you a better one .
I really liked that movie , and Brad Pitt was not that great either .
But I did not pay that much attention to him .
Are there any famous people here ?
Go to the Limewire.com .
Captain Picard , I like bald men and his accent .
It did happen , just like Batman , when he pulled it together , the blonde man took over for a while .
but with a gentleman is heart .
The brunettes say to the blonde leader , `` What are you doing ?  ''
Or you could cheat . - It is the second easiest way to win .
Tyler Hicks . why ? Because he is infectious . and Tyler Hicks has come all the way down here !
Can somebody help me , please ?
I like it because I like the show and . She 's been dead for four years .
Reminds me of an old beatles song .
Purple and music . I think that is it .
He did not even crawl up and down .
This film is a double feature
I 'm with a gentleman , but he does not listen to anybody .
Why does not he go to jail ?
Yeah , he is standing on a block of ice .
The Joker is first appearance in comics was Batman is first , 1940 .
By the way . I do think it is French .
I can not wait to ask my husband !
Another thing you are looking for is ( does he have good feedback )
Rap . forever . I like metal , rap / rock . Lincoln Park .
Oh , I do not know . The man said :
You have to listen to this song .
A girl had a chicken and took it on a roller coaster .
I do not know what you are talking about .
She 's not a very good singer either .
Maya , no doubt . She 's mean and she is gritty .
I just told you that .
In ZZ Top , there is a ZZ
Any movie with Chuck Royce is a horror movie .
I hope it is not because it looks like shit .
Why would you post an old joke like that ?
But they did not do anything . Maybe it is the plot of the future .
Independence Day . more like science fiction , but could it be a disaster ?
No one has to worry about this damn chicken anymore .
gave him a vine with a bicycle horn attached to it . and he thought it was hysterical .
I think more people are hearing about it now .
A little love , a bottle of wine , and that man .
I had that dream when I was 10 , and I still remember it .
You idiot , you already have Star Wars .
She 's beautiful , the music is great , I 'm a musician , I have her and Destiny is children is CD player .
Janis Joplin Cry , Cry , Cry , Cry
Okay , so is this going to happen in four thousand years ?
I 'm looking for female copycat costumes to watch and buy .
Hey , check out this website . They list a lot of TV sitcoms .
Your mother was so stupid , she hung a phone up her ass thinking she was making a booty call .
I might like two songs , but the rest sounds like poo .
But he is so cute , and he is old , and I have always liked bald men .
It is not the funniest thing , but it is great .
So how many girls play the drums ?
Chris , all the way down here !
I like his music too .
Tell him you think you are pregnant , but it is not his baby .
Crazy satirical . Christmas break . It is so funny .
It is like an HBO new hit .
Toby is a lot older than she is .
Yes , I was a good man , but now I am .
Have you met Steve Martin of the bride is father ?
It is a girl singing it . I need you more and more , or something .
We could sing some good songs . There is no white music like Metallica .
It must be a chicken .
I turned my ears away .
Boy . ha . serious . um . bones
It is not that they are embarrassed , it is that they are awful .
If Geeta is Ram , then who is Ram ?
Ghost Rider . he is from hell . and I think there is a little bit of that in him .
The blonde on the freeway said it was blondes like you who made blondes like me look so stupid .
You got 1 and a half bricks 1 .5 times 1 .5 = two
I swear I saw that maniac who set up Tony at NCIS last night .
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant ?
How many songs , artists and albums
I can pick things up with my toes . and my husband is really upset .
She must be different now .
So I guess you are not the only one .
I only ask because people act like they do not care .
1960 . It is the same backwards .
I want to know what people think because I do .
It is up to you , but I will .
What kind of question is that ?
Did not you see him in that horrible green striped football shirt ?
A few weeks later , they got a postcard from him .
No , but my wife likes it .
If it is an old car , roll down the window .
Seventh heaven has smaller children , problems and things like that .
She 's become pathetic . She 's just .
I still turn my steering wheel and whatever else I can find .
No , but Peter Gabriel in Genesis
Hey , hey , hey , hit me .
It happens . Hey , I have been in this situation before .
Two muffins in the oven .
Oh , my God , it is drooling .
It was torture . How did you stop a burglar from breaking into your house ?
How many hits does she have ?
I have to say . Farrell .
I think he is so sexy .
Ah , I love metallic hair . messy , poison , cinderella , fast cat , slaughter , etc .
Oh , my favorite movie is the Golden Girls . Is that a classic ?
Yeah , they definitely know you are a moron with a serious LSD problem .
Everyone gets a chance to ride her .
60 is a lot of fun . 80 is not so much fun .
He is a piece of work .
I knew you 'd ask that .
Abba , of course . they ruled those days , even now I do not think they have lost their pride .
In this research project , I need to
I know how to read a label
So I 'm glad I got this job .
No . If she survives , or any of her family survives ,
Yes , Rudy , because she is a good egg .
Yes , I like it . I 'm handicapped because of Crohn is disease ; it gives me something to do .
I think she is cute . in that junker . I 'm going to steal your man because the way I can .
I did not even know they existed .
I do not know , but I want it to be like the end of a movie and try to look online .
He was a solid rock star .
She 's only after the family money .
I like Kirstie Alley . she is cool , she is cool and does not care about any of this .
It was a really good show . I think she 'd go a lot further if she took it seriously .
Is this a great tool for a mixed song ?
That would be a mistake .
She died at the KT 10 . That is pathetic .
That is not a good thing .
Man , this riddle ai not news no more .
That means that Aerosmith , AC / DC , Van Halen and Metallica are doing well .
I do not care about that , but that is just who you are .
He is incredible . I mean , the way he choked me out .
He is so hot . I do not know why Hermione is not with him .
He just gave his opponent a chance to keep him off my back .
Any movie with King Cary on it .
I guess it would be better if you sang that song in front of her .
I always throw chili cheese tarts at my grandmother .
I tried to like him , but I did not like him .
Yeah , I really like their plums .
A chicken , a hyena and a tiger .
The third one is not bad , but I think it is too long .
I will break it with a baseball bat .
Of course . Queen Amandara and Shiba .
Capricornia has the power of respect for Scorpio .
I like their music , but it is too much for me .
Does the word gay still mean happy ?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian .
Agent Amon , Dukes of Hazzard , Miami Vice , Simpson .
But I like almost all the rock ' n ' roll music .
Once I ( in your eyes ) caught on fire
I knew they could make things worse .
Just turn it on and turn it off .
The LP also stands for Lincoln Park .
So , what do we have here ?
Do not complain about Berg breaking up with someone .
Rock . Modern rap is disgusting . No rhythm .
Ca not you just rhyme these words ?
The parents stopped , his mother got out of the car quickly and put the covers over her .
Your mother was so stupid , she spent two hours watching 60 minutes .
I know people piss in their pants .
My aunt just sent me a CD with a great tenor named Josh Grobanese .
twist it back and try it on .
They are all over the place .
Cold blue , you can see its breath , its nose is covered with ice .
Ha , ha . Just for fun , but they s*** .
I would use a magic wand on any given day .
Thank you very much . If anyone can help .
No , I think they are stupid .
Good luck with that one .
You think three is enough for one band ?
Salmon or some kind of fish ?
Now you can go to sleep .
The final destination is good .
He is funny . He looks cute .
You will have an experience to support it .
I love Tara , but I have to be with Angelina Jolie .
Schindler is List . the best movie I have ever seen .
You 're wasting your time , boy .
He will not say anything to the female .
`` I 'm just calling to say ,  '' I love you . `` Yes !
Ask her out , treat her like a lady . and tell her she is everything you have ever wanted .
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her , and she would not hit me .
But because of her , I write music in a happy note .
I 'm not sure , because I have only seen Tyra Banks .
Orlando Bloom and Chad Michael Murray are both really hot .
I think they are right . I believe in the rule of the planetary system .
If I download songs through in Flames , Ria will not sue me , right ?
I want to hear good music , but I do not know what to listen to !
I do not know if I will be lucky to get a job !
An evil fake B who should be subjected to false advertising .
Never heard of Em , but real awards are so funny .
Have fun . Maybe you will get lucky and win .
I have seen this movie too .
Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King .
Say you are pregnant . Say it is not from you .
Chris and Callie went down this fucking road .
Yeah , I heard they broke up , too .
Yeah , he is hot , and his music is mean .
The first time I saw your face
Who is singing it ? I do not like the way it looks .
Personally , I do not trust them .
Your mother is so stupid . She 's here to check her spelling bee .
I 'm not frightened at all , so I can do everything they do not know .
What the hell is that supposed to mean ?
No , he said he liked her . He is the one who spread it .
a super-cool genetic monster , full of charm , humor and beauty .
What is the fastest time a couple can have sex ?
I 'm looking at your answer . I 'm impressed . You 're so cool .
And he looks like hell .
She 's a useless slacker who makes money off other people is problems .
It depends on the gum you are chewing .
Yeah , I know . It sucks .
I 'm the only person in America who does not find Dave Chapley funny .
What exactly did the doctor say you were doing ?
One of you has to sing .
Why do not you tell me where you are from ?
Oprah , of course , because she gave better advice and took longer .
But ever since I was a kid , I have always liked them .
to sell the baby to the Chinese .
I think it is a bit cheeky to call it , but maybe I could call it Je-ah .
Have you ever heard the last song by Album . ls there a Ronnie ?
Mom was so ugly , she frightened the vulture away from the meat truck .
I want to make a cast of all metal alchemists .
Beyonce can not sing , dance or act . And Rihanna .
Just an interesting question , hah .
Jerry , Jerry , Jerry . he must have picked up a few tricks after he got a closer look at all the fights .
With someone ? Wonder why he is not married .
There is a song . I do not know what it is .
I think most girls actually think , `` wow , Carmen Electra looks great ,  '' and move on .
Paris Hilton , but Jessica was there
I like old school , old school , rap , rap , pop music , whatever .
I ask because only some people have it and some do not , but I think it is kind of stupid .
I think they are a lovely couple . and I 'm very happy for them .
No , not at all . I really do not think that in Spanish . they talk about stupid .
I like the way Maya keeps it real .
I was struck by the invention of the hanger .
What kind of loser are you ?
Ca not remember the name of the song .
to include some of the best known songs
Sounds good . Where are the rest of you ?
I love it . It is got mean girls and shark stories .
Anything is possible . All you can do is dream .
Even if you hate that kind of music , you like the Green Day .
Julia Roberts ' favorite actress is Johnny Deere .
But George Clooney would win if it came to wit .
I 'm not a rock ' n ' roll fan . but I hate George Clooney .
I do not really live here * The ducks are behind the sofa
I met a girl whose name was . Cherry Gumdrop .
Red chilli in the front
I think reading is really interesting .
Monopoly , I love old Nintendo , Mario Brothers and softball .
Uh , uh , no drinks ! Oh !
No , he is not dead . He is just a grunt .
My God , how come your friends do not know about that show ?
Hi , I 'm Elvis . You have probably heard of me .
I did hear Bjork Cheney is joke .
I do not like Nicole Kidman that much , and I do not care if she is from here .
Your mother is so stupid , dressing up like a Nobel Prize winner and making Bilvis look like a fool .
Can someone please tell me the words to the song that killed Bill include Bang . Bang .
I 'm Sam and Hollywood Ball .
She would not have enough money to blow her nose if her head was wired with explosives .
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are terrifying
I hope you find this amusing .
Limewire , I love it because it is so great to have the latest music .
Taxes , gas , inflation and my ego .
Here is the thing : You 're asleep .
Although these are just big movies ,
Um . Blockbuster or any video store that sells children is movies .
Get the f*** out of here .
I did not know either one of them was a whore .
She wanted to have kids and got married . She did , and she will never regret it .
A bottle of Captain Morgan , that will do . I 'm heading north . See you at the library ?
You have to be creative and come up with something to challenge it .
It is Chico Time - ' Chico ' and it is embarrassing .
U2 , Bon Jovi , Coldplay , three doors down .
What is incorrect with this girl ?
Actually , I hate it . I can not take it anymore .
For example : build one , like read a comic book every day .
Do not call it a Christian band !
It is easy to pick up .
This is what Steve Martin gave me .
Gentlemen , I thank God every day for all I have got .
I 'm kidding , Mike Haymer . When he is rich and powerful ,
You 're gay . people are so stupid . have you seen Donnie Darko ?
I love guitars and drums !
Besides , any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good .
The worst thing that is ever happened to me is a lot of damage .
Actually , I do not like it at all .
This is the best metal band ever !
I have a vanilla ice cd .
You know how they always think the stupidest things are funny .
If so , who are you and why are you famous ?
I love the way she freezes and blows things up .
I made it up , but I can not tell if people find it funny .
I think they both stink . If I had to choose one , it would be the Italian job .
Ha , ha . A girl needs a little bit of everything .
Watching the cow babies s*** the cow ,
It is over . if you want to watch Shaun Haha on DVD .
Not really , but that is just me .
I used to like it , but now it is freaking me out .
For me , that really impresses the film .
Dude , why are you wasting this ?
This is my favorite TV show , second only to the simpsons .
Even if they are together , they will not be long .
in the sun with Diane Lane in Tuscany .
I 'm in my own little world , and everyone loves me .
Why do some men find farting funny ?
I hope the answer you are looking for is the one you are looking for .
When you stop thinking about that person , when you see that person , your eyes do not light up .
I do not know . Have not you tried ?
I do not know , but I hope they do not get married because she is too good for him .
Should I have chosen one ?
# Let is get together , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah #
I like her from the ' 80s .
Will they keep wiping it off ?
My favorite English song is Kiss From A Rose By Seal
I like these two . I just want to see your faces .
Yeah , I think I got it .
Anime is an animated version of a comic book .
Mom is a Taurus , Dad is a Scorpio . and they are still happy together . so I agree !
If not , I can e-mail it to you .
If only they did not like him .
He just wanted him to use it .
Could be ACDC , could be Guns N ' Roses .
I always wanted to go back because I thought it sounded great .
America against the Front . This song is a dirty little minx .
He does not want to be a bigamist .
Roommate rolled his eyes and said , `` Well , hello .  ''
This is interesting , but very , very stupid .
She 's got great songs like check on it and Slim Thug .
Well , what are we going to do ?
Attention : I 'm not looking for a Aladdin movie .
If they ask for cash and not Babe , they will kill you .
It is a shame he is retired .
Well , they probably did not see anything at first .
I 'm glad someone finally asked the question .
No , I am the Chosen One .
I did not know there was going to be a super-duper team .
Eminem is a hot piece of shit .
He is a chubby little bastard who always seems to need a shave .
List your best April Fools ' Day ever .
Drama Queen . I do not know . I do not know .
I need the name of the movie from the ' 80s .
I used to be a fan .
Everything but the diamond ring .
I 'm not sure , but these two points make my score at 100 1 .
I remember the days when you said they had a fat ass instead of a trophy .
I do not want a thug .
and watch a Yahoo movie .
Is there anything we can do ?
Shield , Sopranos , the Simpsons , Superman , and Plastic Surgery .
Yes , I bought an lmaho .
At first I thought it was funny , but then it got old and stupid . Damn Altel .
Read the numbers backwards , then turn them upside down .
Yeah , I guess I am . A lot of people say I am .
What is her full name ?
It is a perfect match . one of my favorite movies .
Your mom is so ugly , bigfoot . Take a picture of her .
It is either a tombstone or a mound .
God can make people accept his ideas , but the foolish can not .
I do not understand emotional rock or screaming nuclei at all .
They arrived dead . and their relationship was over .
But I do not know much about kids .
I do not know . I tried . I just could not see it .
Five squares . They are great ! They are great !
What was your favorite scene in the Gilmore Girls movies ?
Just wondering . how the hell that man stayed in one place the whole time ?
That is because life is never perfect .
It is hard to say , but I think it is either Kevin or Bucky or Melissa .
No , it is not funny . It is disgusting . It is memorable .
I 'm sick of it . I want to hear it .
Of course , miracles do happen .
Whether it is country music or classic rock , make sure people know these songs , or they will think you are weird .
If that is not hard enough , make the rules .
I do not know anything about video , but you can download songs on iTunes or Limevole.com !
I have to agree with american idol .
Not exactly . We just do not understand it .
I found it still irresistible !
Oh , my God . Yes , this is my favorite show .
I love Green Day , I love all the songs , especially the broken dreams .
Attention : I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a charging battery .
I have to say , Will Farrell ,
Oh , my God . I want to see my Disney movie .
He played a beautiful football .
You can try , because it is free . and it will at least give you a taste .
Why do not you have a new life party ?
Oh . well , I 'm not gay either .
But I could not find anything on it .
He said , `` Son , if you do not play this game , you have to learn to play it well .  ''
Actually , I 'm looking at it right now .
Chuck Norris was in a horror movie in the ' 70s or ' 80s .
Vanilla ice , like you . Okay , I admit I have got a new baby on the block .
Of course it is chili pepper .
I told the other men .
Brad Pitt , Pippin and Johnny Depp - they are the hottest men in the world !
But now that you ask , I think rap is better .
I 'm a handsome , cool , cool man .
The flute , because that is the only tune I can play .
It is okay . It is no big deal , but it is not bad .
I want one of them . I will call him `` The money .  ''
A bad boy because he has all kinds of things and their naughty ways .
So you have to buy two bags instead of one .
Shit , I still like these two bands !
She just did a layout for King is Magazine .
Tyra Banks is my idol , and I think she is beautiful , but I hear she is pregnant .
I 'd kick your ass right now , but I can not swim .
Well , well , well , well . Wow , that was hard .
Like , wow , wow , wow , wow .
And if so , how do you feel about that ?
I 'm sorry for the path of destruction
I do not think it is weird at all .
She 's in a palace in Turkey , facing off armed guards .
He fired his sister because he kept his mouth shut .
Abbey Mitchell played a lesbian in his first Broadway show , seen the rest of it five times .
You 're going to St. Ives .
Because he is a control freak .
But the trip was amazing .
When I think about her , I feel great .
You 're right . I can not answer that .
But I think people prefer names now , like my hunchback .
James , they both s*** . The rap is a bitch .
I just need some answers about everything .
I 'm talking about Rick and Troy .
They are not , but thanks for the two bits .
Snape Hermione , no , Tonks , no , wait , it is Snape .
I used to watch it until the fourth season started getting boring .
Oh , yes , sister . Look at this website .
'' Forever `` is a veronica song . We are here , so what are you going to do ?
I used to be a fan .
Sounds like a girl I like .
Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke are the same person ?
There is a man named Duck Watson .
If you find out , please tell me .
I do not know why anyone would like that movie .
It is supposed to be free downloads and accessible functions such as a loop , exit and all that .
However , it could also be a Japanese comic book .
But I hear there is going to be a sequel .
Always loved his job . Good actor .
He is a man of his word .
Try to talk to her nicely , do not worry about your moves . They are not always right .
I 'm adding some new songs to my collection , so why do not you try some of Stind is new songs waiting here .
I like this man . He is funny and down-to-earth .
Your mother was so stupid , she wrote on the application for an education that she was interested in phonetics .
I do not know if you are looking for , like , a few pages or .
I imagine she has a lot of money .
But my sister is crazy about him .
I do not think there is any reason . I 'm doing this really fast , are not I ?
He is rich . He can look like that if he wants to .
Do not try to impress her . If she likes you , she will come after you !
In rap , you need rhythm and rhyme , but you can not make fun of the people in the rock scene .
There should be an analogy for the best questions .
I have already seen it , but I can not wait to see the DVD .
Great . Made me cry a lot .
Guns N ' Roses , not tonight .
I do not think it is possible to just pick one .
The only thing that makes me feel good is listening to their music .
Your mother was such a fool to call the Double Adult Group a day care center .
Bambi is my favorite movie !
Simon , of course , always disagreed with . his judgment was excellent , but he was demanding .
Yes , but they are anonymous .
Um . I do not know . My head hurts .
No , they broke up . though I do not know how long ago .
Ha , ha . I love watching my friends and them .
It is so good of you to bring him back !
I just do not think he is going to do it again .
I do not hate him . but he is weird . I 'm surprised three answers in five minutes .
For me , that is what I 'm looking for .
I 'm even watching reruns now .
Yeah , I think Paula likes everybody this week . she is on ecstasy or something .
And she is willing to make a whole lot of money for the newlyweds this season .
It is a new song , but it sounds old .
In the disco , I wrote about sins , not sins .
The video kills the radio .
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde ?
So , no , I do not think so .
I think they are overpaid . Must be too famous .
This is without a doubt the best film in the world !
But I think four would be better .
So do not worry , you will be back to normal in a few weeks .
That is me before the surgery .
There was this blonde driving down the highway .
Eminem is a liar . I choose to be rich or decapitated .
Parents control or use a web site .
And as you can see , she really cares about her team .
I love this song so much !
Search the page or find a loophole .
My favorite band is The Used and amp ; Panic .
Chickens , because God does not s*** .
For those of you who ask that question whether it is gay or not . Who cares !
It all depends on who screwed up .
Well , they are neither . and if I had to choose . I 'd be more likely to go with Mario . or Van Dyke .
Q : What did the left nut say to the right nut ?
It is a big racism . it is a lot of racism !
It was like a duet .
So it ; perhaps more than that .
Want to know why men think more and women talk more ?
Your mother got bored and raised you !
The chicken has two stripes .
Happy days are the best
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna . so she needs to stop pretending .
I ask those who answer this question , where are your athletes ?
If you tell him you hate him , you will find he is not like you .
A woman on the street with a monster on the bed .
I have not forgiven her yet .
It is a great resource . Just download it .
The word you are looking for is .
You know , when I first touched music , I liked to rap .
I never told my parents , but once , they did not say anything , they did not care .
Yeah , but you are going to leave anyway , so why ask ?
I used to play the flute , but when I started playing the sax , I got hooked .
If you like family men , you should like American dads .
B ) They put their songs right , C ) They are actually playing their own music .
We are going to have a great time .
Yeah , PSP , but I do not buy PSP for kids under 13 .
If your dream is to live and talk , then I suggest you move to Japan or China .
I , Lubb , it . I have to keep my dirty little secret . The railway .
I 'm guessing the blonde from American Idol .
No offense ) If you can answer that , so can the eggs .
It is called Epic . I do not remember the artist , but it is a hit song !
Hey , three months . that commercial is for the Dairy Queen . and I just wanted to let you know .
