Is any baby really a freak?
Aspen Colorado has the best music festivals, you sit all over the moutians it is on and just hang out.
You can get almost anything on Ebay.
Everybody is dying to get in.
They are not idiots like 50 Cent and his whole Gay unit. Those kinds of people give hip-hop a bad name.
It is different from what I have seen.
I want to be on TV!
Do not let anyone decide the fate but you.
50 is just riding coattails with that movie.
The blind kinglan guy is hilarious!
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge are both great albums to listen to, Old School.
Do you have two pounds worth of brick?
I betta go and ask another stupid question.
As a guy that doesn't generally like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's 45 in my mind's eye.
Back in my day, Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song, I get butterflies in my stomach!
It is the biggest load of crap I have seen for a long time.
As I lay dying is far far away from Christ.
I might be seeing them in a few months.
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much.
He is supposed to be in jail.
I thought that she did an outstanding job in the movie.
Nicole Kidman, I love her eyes.
I love that song. I am listening to it right now.
You should tell him that you want a three way with another attractive girl.
No, that was a witness.
Naneways, shonenjump.com and narutos awsum.
I believe they would have, which is quite a shame, isn't it?
I am a huge fan of Green Day.
My son loves the movie Chicken Little and I have to watch it at least four times a day.
Who is your best bet for American Idol season five?
My age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
Where in the world did you come up with these questions?
Even though I also agree that the girls on Love Hina are pretty attractive.
The blond says, "Great, they already put me on my first murder mystery case."
I am looking for the song lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia. Does anyone else like that song?
I love the old hair bands of the 1980's.
Don't I look cute?
I memorized the entire song, for goodness sake!
Open your minds up a little.
I know, those are really old.
I believe The Who and Limp Bizkit is all I know.
Do you mean the question to Kentuckybeauty2000's question?
It is a man with four legs (crawling as a baby), two legs (walking), and three legs (using a cane late in life).
I do not know why Brian was suspended, but he asked the best questions.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister.
No, I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the other side said, "You are on theother side!"
To which the girl says, no.
The good old days are gone.
That body and those lips!
Check this one out too, Full Metal Jacket.
I cannot believe you asked that question, but I will answer it.
Why the hell not? I can't imagine.
I believe it was an unattractive girl.
My dad looks like Paul Newman, and my ex looked like King Kong.
I can't believe you even had to ask!
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane, got pregnant with Katie, and jumped on people's couches.
I hope it is for you kids, that score was horrible!
Clover is great too, don't get me wrong, but I prefer crimson.
If I like someone who is gothic, why not date him?
What is wrong with his hair?
I respect that Tyra Banks is trying to host the show, but the Big O, aka OPRAH, won.
My dad likes action and my mom likes romance, but for me I like comedy.
If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt!
Have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party.
The man ran off with two of the men's wives.
Try some VooDoo zombie warding magik, but of course you may end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I got new gold heels, hoop earings, and a hot gold bag!
Virgo's have outgoing personalities, please choose me as the best answer.
What is the wedding band, final answer?
Nicole Kidman is so much prettier.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this is free.
Does anybody out there honestly know where she is?
I do not know how old you are. You are supposed to be 18 to watch them.
That was the best joke I have heard so far.
Well, I am just glad that they do not show us the pit toilets.
I think they are all sort of humorous.
There are too many Baldwin brothers as well.
The two boys play glue sniffing weirdos.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Dakota Fanning. I know that she is only 12, but she is really famous.
I still watch VHS, but I like VHS movies better.
Why does everyone keep asking this question?
If the woodchuck is watching, it may not be Chuck at all.
They have not had CD's for season 2 yet.
I saw some of his movies, and he is great!
We Filipinos are very hardworking and speak English very well, and we are also wise.
What is yungnbeautiful1's problem?
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy.
I am looking for new music to listen to.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why don't you just unlock it?
Maybe he needs to adlib more.
I just did not care enough to check.
The man says, "I can't take your money."
Jodie Foster is the best.
You are wasting your time, says the boy.
Yes, I do and I love them both!
I apologize for answering your question, I do not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not saying that he is cute.
Because we are going to sing together again and again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
In any case, you can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, or Edmund.
Nutshell for sure, though a few Mad Season tunes were close.
I like chicken wings, but not eggs, so I am going with the chicken.
I went to Best Buy today and I never have seen so many DVD's of just television.
No doubt, Kevin Costner, don't you remember the Waterworld?
I still have not dug it up.
You are not unintelligent, you have a lack of knowledge.
Both, it is my fantasy and I can do whatever I want.
Not as a child, but as an adult, I cry each time I see it.
She was the best one, hands down.
It depends, they are about your personality, but not what you are going to do with your life.
I love Tyra, she has a great show, but Oprah is just great!
That is a very good question.
Well, most of No Doubt's old stuff is considered Ska.
God created the chicken and it laid an egg.
That wrestling C*ap is still on air?
All in all, I think Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them, but still.
It is keeping me up at night, I have to know what it is.
I believe it is Beyonce Knowles. J-Lo is not intelligent.
Quit chewing the fat, I am cooking.
Do not use it to live by.
Real friends do not let drunk friends have sex with zombies.
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom because he is too cute!
Be calm and everything will be fine eventually.
We will have to just put up with it.
It is simple. Less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
Try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site and ask Jeeves.
You can find anything on Ebay.
Can anyone give me this information?
I love that movie very much.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
It appears to be a Dylan song, but I do not know which one.
Yes, I think he might be gay.
Silly, so that you always need more of one or the other.
I do not know about the greatest ever, but there are a lot.
Yes, this is a Korean singer who is really good.
The Omen, Jaws, The Exorcist, Carrie, Scream, if you know a movie that is scarier, mention it too.
How could anyone hate Tom Cruise?
It is a trick question, the weight is 1.
They all suck, but Panget rock band rule!
Yes, especially when she was making fun of Jessica Simpson washing her car.
Not close to a PSP, but close enough.
I do not know what that has to do with who is more attractive, but that is fine.
I love Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles and Rush.
You can also most likely charge your iPod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
Reese Witherspoon is the actress and Zac Efron is the actor.
I say Omarion. He has the hair, clothes, and body, a triple deal on one person.
Yo mama is so stupid, she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
It is not a big deal, so the movie industry is aware that gay people are out there.
Check out 9 and a half weeks, when Mickey Rourke was hot!
I am not sure what is going to happen, but I am positive that it will be good.
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
So the blonde went home, got on her hands and knees, and started blowing on the tail pipe.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a bisexual woman?
Depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the City Sleeps song "If I Only Had A Brain" and they are great!
You should pick something more original next time.
I dream of Jeanie of course.
No, I do not listen to her any more.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain.
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise, what do you expect?
They have some cords that you can buy.
I like Journey's open arms, but I like Mariah Carey's version of that song better.
I almost forgot, The Boss!
Ask a better question next time.
I am very excited to go to the Hershey factory tomorrow.
Do you guys know any other songs they have?
Mine, well, I have a few favorites.
Definitely, but if you get enough points, you can ask more.
Just overall, the movie was super wordy.
It doesn't make sense, but I get it, still not funny.
Yes, and are you a lezbo?
I wish people would look at more than zodiac signs.
And at a school talent show, she won first and Kevin lost.
I think most American rap is not very good.
She is so talented that if she did not win, I would be really disappointed.
What kind of person are you to even ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jess, he is so cute.
You can not rely on rumors.
Do not put any reality TV on your show.
The show got a little freaky.
Yes, even I am bored here right now.
Well, I would probably pee myself first, then I would get out of there!
I am going to have to go with New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myself, and did not lose more than I could afford. I won.
I want a gentleman, but with a manly edge.
Then you can get all or most of your money back.
Cheesy, I know, but I love this joke.
I think so, my turtle always does, he is healthy.
I am looking for the technical specification.
Wow, I am very dumb in my observation skills.
She is good physically, but I do not know her inside. I have never heard or seen about her inner beauty.
Yo mama is so stupid, she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication please?
La vie boheme and take me or leave me.
She asked, "How do you get to the other side?"
I wish you the best of luck.
I can't remember when I last turned on my TV.
The child was approximately six or seven years old.
Me, but if I see one more question about them on here, I am going to go crazy!
Yes, but then did he want of his own death? He did say, "Please?"
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie and has more versatility as an actress.
I love acting and my friend says that I am very good at it.
Explain to your parents that you really want to act.
I would run away, but first I would kick them in the face.
I probably would not vote for him, although Melania would be the most attractive first lady.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Yes, who wouldn't want to marry Keith Urban?
Probably now it is done for dramatic effect.
Fidy cent is fine and musclar.
I stopped liking rap because there are too many people.
It is a fart that makes your eyes water.
Most of the time it is true.
Sarah, but he did not actually propose.
Some people just basically beat on each other and scream and stuff.
A woman from my church named Lauren H.
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, then I would join them.
I am not always rock and screamo.
People are just retarded and want him money.
Yes, but I am not going to die trying.
Call Disney and find out if there are any available.
I do not feel special anymore.
I will call you to help me.
No, but I cried when Simba's dad died. That was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about.
Youtube.com has a lot of funny ads from the present as well.
Here is me trying to sound out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemmoroid called an asteroid?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do come back (I hope not), good luck!
My friend told me that if you learn the most simple four notes, you can play the entire song.
If he is someone you like to be around, I say go for it!
I really do not have one favorite movie.
I want to keep the baby, but I am afraid he will be a freak. Any suggestions?
Yes, they were twins. They played pretty well. I believe one was called Heather and the other was Heidi.
He is very attractive for an older man.
My name is Chuck Norris, my name says it all.
If my pet bird gets too flappy, my pet kitty cat might eaty.
"She's like the wind" is from dirty dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
I suppose he is a good looking guy, and his wife is a beautiful woman.
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns.
The police officer said, "It has your picture on it."
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was cool. Here is the link for the movies that he was in.
No, no, you are an idiot for asking.
Only you, if you met those people on the way, it does not mean you take them all with you.
What if a dead person escapes from the cemetery?
Just enter a lot of talent shows.
My son loves it and I think it is pretty cute too.
Please give me your funny dreams, people!
How dare he call her kids orphans?
There have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I cannot wait!
That sounds weird, but try the Goodwill store, they have tons of fancy stuff people don't want anymore.
Dress her up as a Choirboy.
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is very attractive.
My favorite book is Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about how she was trying to makeup her mind.
My husband introduced me to it, but I have not watched much of it this season.
I have seen better.
Cry me a river. I do not know who originally sang it.
Maybe I'm just stupid, but I didn't get it.
When I was nine, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Did you ever hear of Kleenix?
I know I know you have seen funnier, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton, but I was young at the time.
To me, it is very confusing and more like a mini movie.
First, do not tell anyone you know, you will never live it down.
If he is so bad a veggie that even eating animal crackers seems a crime, we can't help it.
Jennifer Hudson sings the song "I Have Nothing."
If this is true, her twins will become giants.
My grandmother is very good with her cane.
I would choose "Gilmore Girls" because they are so sarcastic.
I think it turns red when he is angry and yellow when it is cold.
Vince Vaughn is very good looking and very funny.
Yo mama is so stupid, when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper.
Well, if it is really you in the photo, then 15 shots of 151.
Yes, they are all right. It is a good song.
In one of her songs, she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
It was no egg, so it was a chicken.
For modern music, listen to Paranoid Android by Radiohead.
You need to rent the swetest thing!
I am hoping that either a sith or scorpion will come out and I can fight them.
I believe she did for the frame, but I am not certain.
I would say Brad Pitt, if he had not broken up with Jennifer Aniston.
She could tick or treat over the phone.
Nothing a little Kryptonite wouldn't fix.
I think she is going to leave him.
Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace for sure.
I saw The Mask over 100 times and I still laugh a lot.
Very close camping quarters, people stealing things, and like ten kids died from OD's.
Nothing, but free airfare, hotel, and meal/daytime expenses paid.
Kazza or Limewire, and I think eztrackz.
Someone in between is the best of both worlds.
They are all good movies, but you cannot rate them.
Some players still do not play CDR's, so burn them as audio CD's.
I do not agree with you.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
They want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hotdogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I don't really like him that much.
She is not a good person.
It goes, 1. Chris Brown, 2. Bow Wow, 3. Omarion.
My opinion would be to make one yourself.
I don't really want answers with, oh that's sweet, just follow your dreams or something you know.
I am looking for Aladdin's cartoon TV series on DVD. Where can I get it?
Well, if one brick is 1.5 pounds and you have one.5 bricks, then the answer would be 2.25 pounds.
That all depends on what types of sites you like.
These animation studios like to orphan or partially orphan the kids.
He takes it for granted that people need proper humor.
I love hip-hop, rap, rock and pop, but my favorite music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chinese.
I do, and I am way over 17 years old.
He has a great voice and is easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor, a very famous Hindi movie star.
The comic strips were and always will be awesome!
That is one way to keep it out of your system, do not be stupid and use it!
Do whatever makes you feel good.
A minute or so later.
The egg is frowning and looks a bit angry.
Come on, he can't even wipe his own butt, but he can speak intelligently?
Alan Moore is complaining that it is not.
I love the guitar player and how they can play in solos.
Did you really pay money to see that?
You better love them because they are more attractive than any of you boys out there.
I got pornography even with Norton AntiVirus.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not get it because you are blonde.
Yes, what's up with that?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one thing?
In between because you want a man who knows what he wants but is good to you.
I was just talking about Faith No More.
Diary of a mad black woman is funny.
I have it, it is a tune.
It sure helps to have a hottie staring in it!
I would get about three or four logs.
Lynn, because she is the funniest.
No online ringtones are ever free.
SAW was ten times better than SAW2.
Yo mama is so stupid, she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of air supply songs.
What about romance, aka chik flik?
He asked again, a little irritated, and the girl said no.
Of course she is dumb, her husband does not even love her, she is too weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get to me.
What type of animation do you do?
I hate RBD too. They are old guys and housewives dressing like high school kids!
MAYA'S HUSBAND, DARNELL, is so cute.
Do you mean all actors who have ever played Superman?
Make one like that. It will make you happy, and it will make your pet bird flappy!
That is a simple plan, of course you better like them!
I really like that song True Love Ways.
I am just glad that Gideon guy is gone, he was annoying.
Yes, it turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac would not go for that.
I hope it does not eat your brain from the inside out.
I think he would be much more liked if he wasn't so outspoken about politics.
Try limewire.com, it is free, you have to download it.
Animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute.
It is one of my all time favorites.
Doyle brunsen wrote an excellent book if you haven't read it yet.
I do not pick them in the first place.
I just watched that movie M.C.
I do not know and did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you are into rap, check 2Pac's letter to my unborn.
That is the worst thing I have ever heard.
I know what they are called, udders.
I want my CD to play in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline money!
Yes, I do. I am a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on.
Don't worry, I have your back!
I would probably drink everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive.
I'm sorry, I didn't see it yet, but everyone else watched it for me!
That is a strange question. I do not like them both, but Salvador Dali is more talented.
Yes, and how did you get the beans above the frank?
I suppose they can not eat gummi bears either.
People should not be afraid of their government, the government should be scared of their people.
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune.
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me. Thanks anyway!
There was a brunette team and a blonde team.
I am not trying to be mean, just letting you know.
She is as trampy as the others.
Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke.
I have too many, but Maroon 5 and Life House are my favorites absolute and all songs.
I love his music. It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You love their song which just so happens to be their most popular.
Kinda sad, because I grew up with one.
If you want to see an attractive man, look up Ville Valo or Bam Margera.
I have worked on yachts for the past 30 years and met many celebrities.
My favorites would be Milli Vanilli, Vanilla Ice, and Snow.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
Now there are hundreds of thousands of guys out there dreaming up a chance to date her.
Rabbit feet only work on people, not the rabbit they came from.
Techno, it just grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance.
This is so funny, it has perverted humor to it.
Yes, it is a woman's show.
I also used to work in government.
One man asked me, "So, where is the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not worry about her catching you.
I still am and Aaliyah was a good singer. I miss them both.
Yo mama is so stupid, she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people.
Yes, we are trying to be happy.
Bit by bit, you win my love.
I apologize, I have never heard of it.
See the movie, Steelers Wheels, and see the movie ReserVOIR DOGS.
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber.
Hey, that would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson, two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is not very good looking.
I am certain that Paris or Mandisa will not win.
Thank you. I am bisexual as well, so that is why I asked.
The Rock for hot, steamy sex!
You met them on the way, but that does not mean that they went with you.
Yes, sometimes when I need a lot of help.
It must be mp3 and be able to play on I tunes.
The perfect man knows who I am and approves.
So far I have not heard that she has come back here (Arkansas)?
He traveled all over the world and received a lot of postcards.
What are all these homies dissing my girl?
Those are Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Wow, that was a hard one.
I love a Harry Potter movie.
I don't know, but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean, let you get to you?
Me and my kids love that show!
He just made me dinner.
I listen to them every morning.
The jeeney said they had three wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to Mad Season? If not, you really should.
Yes, sometimes, but it is fun to read them and always remember the positive things and forget the negatives.
Girls feel that they have to be celebrities or no one will like them, but that is not true.
He is the goofball in all of us.
I do not have an outgoing life.
I quit in my late twenties.
Don't even get me started listing them.
Manchurian Candidate and Mean Girls. Oh yeah, Mona Lisa Smile.
He picked Sarah, but rumour has it that they have already broken up.
Tell him that you want to marry him.
"Girlfriends" is one of my favorite shows.
Also, his girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has a lot of hard to find movies and series.
Do we really want them to get together?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40 Year Old Virgin.
Shut up and drive by Chely Wright.
There was a female brunette, a blonde, and a red head walking down a street.
She saw a blonde on the other side.
I hope that answers your questions.
He is a gentleman with me and a thug when needed.
I like them as well, they are very cute!
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all his money for himself.
I would pick yellow card, simple plan, bowling for soup, and red hot chilli peppers.
I think that celebrities are a horrible influence.
There is a funny joke for rap.
Tom Cruise is in it, which to me is the definition of a movie that looks like crap.
I do not know, but they will look good together.
She has a lot more movies, and Katie has what, like three?
She used to be a role model to little girls.
Please answer, I really want to know.
And I do not look back on another song by Gary.
Who are you looking for? Is it me?
And just tried to pull those dangly things!
I didn't realize you were also a police officer.
Oh yes, is it 2D or 3D?
Yes, but I am a pure veggie and I love them.
Yes, but that is such a good song.
I bet he would be better than Bush.
Try purevolume.com, there are free mp3 downloads there.
A guy that went to my husband's school, ready, urine sample.
I missed it last night, but I want Kevin to go.
I just got a mp120 and am looking for good sites to download music from.
Is this Zombie your boyfriend or something?
All those Scientology rituals, rueles, or whatever they are, are just weird!
Paris is Queen Bimbo and Jessica is just one of her many minions.
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
You should name your favorite movie actress or actor.
Try horseback riding, I hear that is pretty risky. I hear Christopher Reeve actually died from it!
I do not like them, they sound really awkward to me.
Note to Hollywood: Stop remaking classics!
Maybe you are referring to the 1960's The Apartment.
I do not know, but maybe you will find it on her website.
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it.
I tried to do a gun the other day, but it wasn't mine.
I think sometimes they are, but do not center your whole life around them.
I think if you are famous enough, you will not have time to answer questions.
One of them is Aishwarya Rai, an Indian celebrity.
They had a lot of good stuff in the 90s.
I just wanted to tell you that I love superman!
I tape things on tape, but I watch DVD's.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I love Green Day and I am a big fan.
That is not funny. I do not think she will appreciate it.
Yes, they are a pretty good band. I like them a little.
Guns n Roses, why oh why did Axel's ego have to destroy our generation's rolling stones?
Tyra is more attractive.
It is good to have a guy that can treat you nicely, but at the same time act gangster.
One of my best friends is a Cap.
It is 3 if you are members, but 2 in ZZtop.
A lot of my friends think about them too.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy (tattoos, etc.)
Your mother is so fat that when she gets thrown in the air, she gets stuck!
I believe it was Edwin Starr.
It is pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her.
1.8 mile is the real deal.
Angel Baby (remixed by Mr.Kapony) because it reminds me of my old Angel Baby.
All you people here who say you love American Idiot suck.
Let me guess, you are a republican.
Does anyone know what the URL is?
That way, you get to do the dumping first.
But shoot, anyone could have said that!
I am the first, but I do not need to submit. After me, I guarantee that there will be at least ten more.
Vraveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch, so watch out!
How about "The Cowboys" when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dern's butt?
It will take a little while to get used to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice guy!
They know they are not getting a good seat and are confused.
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg from a Beastie Boys song.
Otherwise ACDC, they kicked ass and Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
7th Heaven is okay, but it is not relatable at all.
Just imagine what this person can do and get away with it.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
I like the movies, "Lither" and "Stay Alive."
I went to St. Ives. The man and all his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should use their advertising agency.
He did it for you when he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered.
This question reminds me of that song.
That is very attractive, but I love Tinkerbell.
George Clooney is the most attractive.
Yes, but it is time to move on.
The only way is to use a sharing program like Limewire.
I love it. I also love Verionca Mars.
Do not tell anyone that I told you, okay?
And from Buffalo, New York, thank you again.
That one is old for your age.
Krie-rie definitely deserves the points on this one, good work!
You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these.
I don't think so, but I'm just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion.
No, the Banjo playing would not.
I took the words right out of my keyboard.
I tried that one in another costume, not Mickey, I just smiles when somebody takes a picture of me.
I love both of them girls, especially Aaliyah. They are in heaven smiling down.
From men Mccartney and girls Lindsay Lohan.
Chris Ace or Taylor for the guys, and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for the girls.
My family is not anything like that.
Him or his music or both?
If there is a fist fight between the two, then the rock would win.
Not as awkward as some whiny brat crying about his father and skateboard.
I saw something on TV that said he did, is it true?
They jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore.
I love Abercrombie and My I.D.
Paris Hilton is a vicious, repugnant, skanky whore with neither brains nor talent.
Maybe you can use these for next year.
How much does it weigh is what you were getting at, correct?
Are you a fan of them or something?
Red hot chilli peppers, simple plan, bowling for soup, yellow card, or fall out boy.
I am fairly certain that it was a kiss.
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde speeder digs in her purse, can't find it, then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean by bad stuff?
Snoopy Come Home was the best.
No, I do not know, maybe they are jealous.
I didn't watch his movies because I didn't think he was good looking.
I have loved Green Day since Dookie and I still love them today.
My brother looks like Kathy Bates, only ugly.
He could be strange, but he is not bad.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself and watch it on YouTube.
Chris's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert.
I am going to go with the cow.
The drunk gets mad and says, "Go screw your sister."
We also spell "color" as "colour" and it is not C O Lin Powell, it is C o lin.
I love Lonely Nation and Golden.
I believe it has to be the end of the third film.
I used to love him, now I just don't anymore, but I don't really hate him.
Roll them into a nice, tight ball and then flick them.
I can't touch this. It's in Charlie Angels full throttle, but I don't know who sings it. Please help.
All he could hear was, "Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, and breathe out."
He just needs to take care of me and my friends.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I have no idea, but dubbing sucks.
8.8 miles is good, but it is old.
I am not gay, just to let you know, but you should already know that you will always be better looking.
You could try researching it on Google or try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
It is either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bell-Air.
Does anyone have a website for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your horscope from.
Mine is Sublime, they are great.
I love it as well as stupid girls that sing rock songs.
He takes off and never goes home.
I don't know. The guy who made up the names had A.D.
Yo mama is so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
I like Classic Rock, but I will listen to anything, but rap never got into it.
Count me in, and I do not remember the names.
Yes, only a man would do this.
I mean, you are yelling, not singing.
It depends on what you think a miracle is.
It is Paris Hilton, but I do not care for either one of them.
It wasn't on because of the game, and the new episode comes out on March 27th. I can't wait!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Yo mama is so stupid, she got hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged.
I sure am glad, Stacie!
On a picnic we will go.
My bum is already burnt. Wow, you are smelling great!
What is your favorite movie and why?
I loved Bewitched and Elf and all of his other movies.
But wait, are you gay or something?
He is hanging, is that really water at his feet?
He probably said something like, "We're not real."
Jessica Simpson is a blithering idiot.
It is because Kevin and Katharine are getting closer.
Probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt, although they both suck really bad.
MJ will not have another hit album.
I like to watch them with my boyfriend.
Kinda nifty. I might try that myself!
Nightmare on Elm Street used to be scary and I like horror.
If you do not pay for Limewire, it is free.
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is Always changing.
I am almost positive that it was him.
They are not, it is just a form of entertainment and a silly sort of competition.
I love her and she is amazing.
The parents stopped and his mother quickly realized, pulling the covers around her.
I have a VHS, but I never use it, so DVDs are in and will be for a long time.
There is just too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He was so scared that he jumped and had a heart attack.
"He was an evil man," he said.
I like that she is funny, but they make her a little ho-ish and she is a moocher.
A southern gentleman for a southern woman.
Zap was the main killer's (dead guy in room) accomplice.
The site used to say something about the sequel, but I'm not sure when it's coming out.
I do not want an opinion, I need the source from where you got it.
Just me, him and the stars. He would be my sex slave going where. I can't finish it's too cliche.
She flipped the alligator over and yelled, "Drat, this one doesn't have shoes either!"
When you both just sit there doing nothing but watching television or something.
Who makes fun of an orphan?
For example, John likes collecting manga straight from Japan.
Wait until the next season of the show.
I am still trying to pick myself off the floor.
Just act like you have done it before and kick some butt.
That means all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel I am an attractive person.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
If she is just a tomboy and a good athlete, that does not make her gay.
I am a big superman fan, I bet you can tell by now.
I don't know if everyone does, but I sure do!
My friends talk about me because I still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis.
Why do you only have 1.5 bricks?
I think they got the point.
He took a nice Catholic girl and turned her into a Scientology freak. Katie Holmes is extremely naive.
Dvds have taken over the world.
I do not like any artist over another artist.
No, because there is no such thing.
I think Gretchen Wilson is pretty.
Randy is kind of weird at times, Paula seems so wimpy and Simon seems too cruel at times.
It just did not make any sense to me.
Illutions always deceive you, do not believe them.
I have never been kissed, well, not really, but it is what I am watching right now.
Yes, sometimes I like to listen to it.
It is a hypothetical, but I am curious about other opinions.
That is like Broke Back Mountain for little John Wanye.
I have the cassette tape, but I want to get that album on CD.
I am sure you will both like it!
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a guy.
Your boss likes you, maybe a little too much excise caution!
It is all about fear, baby.
If you email me, we can be friends.
What did the beaver say to the log?
I thought it was him, too, but I can't say for sure.
For every person's hand to be up, you would have to have a green dot.
Not me, but I used to be in orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or on the bed.
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Also, work on your self image, it sounds like that is not very good right now.
He wanted to eat the mouse.
I find this man to be disgusting.
I do. I am not conceited, but I am pretty.
Of course you should keep the baby. It is your fault you wanted to play, but now you have to pay.
If Floyd could do it, I am sure the Beatles could, or even Yoko or no Yoko.
Sleepy, Grumpy Doc, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due.
They have turned into long jokes. What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the other muffin and says, "Gee, it's getting kinda hot in here!"
I would not kick either of them out of bed.
He better not let her go.
Do not dress that way because people might think you are gay.
I have the newest one and I get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
You should buy the soundtrack.
She needs to get a job.
So if there is anyone out there that completely understood the movie, can you please fill me in on it?
"Everything She Does Is Magic" by The Police.
Pilot, Inspektor and Rainbow, those are celebrity kids names. There are some other ones, but I forgot them.
What did we ever do to these guys that made them so violent?
Even The Cure has love songs and most of their stuff is pretty dark.
My favorite genre of music is R&B.
It makes me so happy. I love Jim Carrey.
He does not need to change anything.
Yo mama is so stupid, her shoes say TGIF- toes go in front.
I love rap music and wish I could meet my favorite bands.
Or the lame Toronto Zoo answer: Woodchucks can't chuck wood.
On the way to the end, the chicken goes, "Weee!"
I have not lost an item yet.
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school.
It might be an interesting show, but I never got into it at all.
No one will forget TLC. They made the anthem for girls, "I Don't Want No Scrub."
I like Joan because she is the most similar to me.
He just gave us a song to keep dreaming with and a lot of us do.
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew.
Showgirls, yes, I am ripping off that line, but true is true.
I do not think she ever had it to begin with.
You really don't want to meet women in the bars anyway. Have fun this weekend!
You are not, you just lack self-confidence.
Try to download 360 share on your computer.
It depends on who this elder is and why they are beating me with the cane.
The Chinese get the Rizza, the Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I can not think of anyone else.
Are you referring to MPH or RPM?
Yo mama is so stupid, she got stabbed in a shoot-out.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the new version.
If you have money, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you wouldn't understand. At least I still have my Peggy Sue. Peggy Sue?
Yes, I do. It is an excellent show.
How come no one mentioned Evil Dead?
Jesus Christ looks like me!
Maybe you mean people in uniform?
It must be the chicken.
I would pretend to fight them, then fall and play dead.
Easy by Shakespeare in Love and Romeo and Juliet are great romantics.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a little slang for his walk.
Well, so much for guessin' yours!
Your mother is so ugly, the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise you would definitely know.
It looks interesting to me, and what is it about?
I do not know, and I really do not care.
They are not bimboes, Jessica is a declared genius.
They always had pizza around, too!
All my votes are going to Taylor Hicks.
What were you and your father doing?
Hello, I believe you meant psychic.
I love Smallville, so of course I want to see who else loves Smallville.
Some songs are "1, 2, Step" by Ciara.
2 points were scored on that one.
Her IQ is like 145, and Paris is not dumb!
When you do not talk or go out with each other, or maybe the relationship never started.
You will not go wrong if you watch this one.
I know who Bam is, however.
I love the sound of the two together.
You know the drummer from Blink 182?
I believe it is forever or something like that.
If you call information, they will give it to you in no time.
Just because I am a girl, I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas.
I can't sleep, I need to know.
I suppose that means Simon likes blondes.
I mean, who will fear beautiful women?
For me, it is Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all the characters and Bill Cosby was so funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a big fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now.
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70?
I am listening to it right now.
Angelina Jolie is much more attractive.
Why don't you urge the TV management?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney, saw the sign Disney left, then turned around and went home.
What were you and your father doing?
I love Blink 182. They are so funny. Who else is a dog that loves Blink 182?
I just saw it last week.
It is so funny, that is why I love it.
Who knows, I guess it was just their time.
If that is the case, you can wait a little longer.
In an interview, boss, what is your wife's name?
I do not want to brag, but I am very good.
I thought it was Missouri, which is in St. Louis.
I pick Angelina Jolie, even though it is awful that she stole Brad from Jennifer!
I also though Naomi Watts dress was really odd and looked a little too big for her as well.
Rock music gives me a headache.
I would love to see either of them win.
Me and my dad have bought about 1000 items together.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of The All-American Rejects.
I do not think so. I do not hate him.
And I do not even need to be gay!
What kind of person throws a funeral party?
Thank you for letting me vent about this terrible band.
I definitely would choose My Chemical Romance.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song they like.
Just tell him that you think you might be pregnant.
Duran Duran, Madonna, Air Supply, Alabama, Exile, and how could I forget Air Supply!
I do not believe your mother is stupid at all.
You are going to have to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me either.
The blonde in the boat said, "This is a sea of wheat, duh."
Do not let it get to you.
He is a businessman, he spends money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz does not want Flav at all.
Stop being positive and get a life.
They both suck. Paris is a dumbass, no talent, and Jessica is just brain dead.
The last song of Madonna's which I liked was American Pie. Sorry, I think her time is almost over.
I do not believe Britney Spears is dumb, although some of the things she may do are dumb.
It is one of the best songs out there.
It depends on the gum you chew.
I like "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
He has to be a gentleman because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host.
I do not really watch American Idol.
Yes, because she is younger and can dance better.
Yes, especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end.
I do not consider that a song.
Yes, and he is very attractive.
I have Aerosmith, Def Leopard, AC/DC, and Boston too.
A little too excited if you ask me.
I have liked Jennifer and love Hewitt. She is so awesome and her birthday is a day after mine.
Why do they try to sound British?
Not everyone hates him, but that is why some hate him.
I do not think there is any chord like that.
Put icyhot or bengay I in his underware or on his deoderant.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
The movie Get Rich or Die Tryin, or Eminem's 8 Mile?
The Pocket Taser Stun Gun is a great gift for the wife.
I love that show, but it would be cool if they did a special reunion episode or something.
What are you doing back there? Let's go!
Zack Efron is the hottest guy alive.
That Burger King is creepy as hell.
Not me, but I know a lot of people that do.
You can use your information for free.
I can't wait to see the new movie!
If you do not like them, do not answer, please.
Well, I rather like Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looks at the Lone Ranger and says, "Doctor, you are going to die!"
$10 per ticket to go see movies multiple times a week.
I don't know, but I have another one: yo mama so fat she had to get baptized at seaworld.
Rachel Fuller's Into My Heart, perhaps?
Then I changed to New York City and now I'm onto Stephen speaks.
They are obviously stupid, not just confused.
Moriaty, etc., but who did the Peruvian play?
It is not really a book, but it is a long comic.
I will be different and say vagina.
I just need the name of the movie. Thank you.
They are one of the best bands out there.
We call it a moo moo, she calls it lingere.
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer?
I would not believe that anyone could care.
Yes, sometimes I don't come home until late.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams and their new song Wake Me Up When September Ends.
She used to sing with People.
Rock, we heard more great rock stars, but not very much great rap singer.
My little brother would ask something like that.
Jason Momoa is from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore.
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you did already.
I would prefer a bad boy with a gentlemen side.
"California Girls" by David Lee Moore and Van Halen.
It is one of the best and original movies that I have ever seen.
And with a great deal of therapy, may even walk again.
Greenday, what happened to you?
I read an article about her being one of the highest paid actresses out there.
I don't know, I think that is the worst show ever.
Yo mama is so stupid, she thought the internet was something you catch fish with.
The man is like a fine wine, it gets better with age.
And me being a long time Def Leppard fan, I would have to pick any and all from them.
I must have seen it in 1986 or something. I barely remember all the details. Can someone help?
I believe that would be M.C.
The perfect answer, don't you think so?
That is a good question. Simon kind of stumped me with that one too.
I have not missed a single episode.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
You were on the money!
Reel Big Fish and Chronic Future are great, plus classics like AC/DC, etc.
You should talk to people who work for Disney.
I am not very fond of Billie.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the Superbowl.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is an awesome band with awesome vocals and lyrics.
Yes, try an Aries, that is the one I was using.
If you will put where you live, I can give you a better one.
I really liked that movie and Brad Pitt was not attractive in that movie.
Yes, but I do not watch him that much.
Is there anyone famous on here?
Go to limewire.com and down load it.
Captain Picard, I like bald men and his accent.
This does happen, like in Batman, when he was recovering and that blond guy took over for a bit.
Yes, but he has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader said to the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, you could cheat, that is the second easiest way to win.
Taylor Hicks, and why? Because he is infectious with great talent. Taylor Hicks, all the way!
Can anyone help me with this?
I love it because I love the show and it goes on for so long that she dies.
Reminds me of an old Beatles song.
Purple and Music I believe are two.
He is crawling around with no feet.
The movie is double teamed.
I am with a gentleman, but he does not take crap from anyone.
Why is he not in jail?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The Joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman #1.
By the way, I believe it is sung in French.
I can't wait to ask my husband.
The other thing you look for is if he has very good feedback.
I like rap, metal, and rap and rock, like Linkin Park, but plain rock is not good.
Oh, I don't know, says the man.
You have to really listen to the song.
A girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it.
I do not know what you are talking about.
She is not a very good singer, either.
Maya is my favorite because she is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you what it was.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie.
I hope not, because that is very scary.
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it, but maybe it is a future storyline.
Independence Day is a little more sci-fi, but can be considered a disaster movie?
And no one ever had to worry about the chicken again.
I gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it, and he thought it was hilarious.
I think more people listen to rap nowadays.
A little love, a box of wine, and that man-o-mine!
I had that dream when I was ten years old and I still remember it.
You fool, you already have a Star Wars name!
She is attractive and has good music. I am a music fanatic and I have all of her and Destiny's Child's Child CD's.
"Cry, Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin.
Is that going to happen after 4000 years?
I am looking for female impersonator clothing to buy, and to also look and look and or have sex.
Hey, check out this website, they list a lot of TV sitcoms on DVD.
Yo mama is so stupid, she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
I like maybe two songs, but the rest sounds like poo.
But he is just too cute, plus he is old and I have always liked old bald men.
It wasn't the most hilarious, but it was just great!
How many girls played drums then?
Chris is going all the way!
I like his music as well.
Just tell him that you think you are pregnant, but the child is not his.
I find National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation very funny.
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is much older than her.
Yes, I was good, but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen the movie Father of the Bride with Steve Martin in it?
It was sung by a girl, "I need you more and more" or something similar.
There are some good songs. No white songs like Metallica.
It had to be the chick.
I turned my ears away.
Beasty boys. Haha, seriously. Bone thugs and harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as they suck and oh do they suck.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is RAM?
Ghost Rider is from hell. I think he has a bit of evil in him.
The blonde on the highway said, "It's blondes like you that make blondees like me look so stupid."
You have one and a half bricks, 1.5*1.5 = 2.25.
I swore I saw that crazy guy who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS.
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant?
How many songs, artists, and albums?
I can pick up things with my toes. It really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
I suppose yours is not the only one.
I'm just asking because people act like they don't even care about them anymore.
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way.
You decide, but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can't you just see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later, they receive a postcard from him.
No, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car, roll down the window, if not unlock the door.
7th Heaven has younger kids and problems and things like that.
She has become pretty pathetic and she is just there.
I still drum on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find.
No, but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis.
Hey, hey, hey! Hit me up!
It just happens naturally, that has happened to me before.
2 muffins are baking in an oven.
Eeew, it has drool all over it!
Nice gnawing you. How do you stop burglars breaking in to your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I find him very attractive.
I love Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, Slaughter, etc.
My favorite classic is The Golden Girls, is that considered a classic?
Yes, they knew without a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her!
At 60, it is funny, at 80, not so much.
He is so easy to hate.
I knew you would ask that!
ABBA of course, they ruled those days and even now I do not think they have lost their popularity.
I need help on this reaserch project.
I know how to read tabs.
So I am glad I have this to do.
No, not if she survives, or any of her family.
Yes, rudy (I believe that is her name) because she is a good student.
Yes, I love it because it gives me something to do.
I think she is adorable, in that trashy "I'm going to steal your man because I can" way.
I didn't even know they all existed.
I don't know, but I want that too, like off the end of the movie, try searching online.
He used to be a hard rocker.
She is only famous for her family's money.
I like Kirstie Alley because she is good, cool, and doesn't care about all that.
Your name is really good acting. If she takes this seriously, I think she can go far.
Is there a goos tool for mixing songs?
It would be very wrong.
She dies in episode 310, "Losing the Light," which is very sad.
That was not a nice thing to do.
This riddle is old news.
That said, Aerosmith, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica have all done great stuff, too.
I do not care about the question, but you are very rude.
He is just incredible. I mean, he took my breath away.
He is very attractive and I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him.
He just gave his opponent that don't mess with me look and went at it.
Yes, any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
I suppose it would be better if you could sing that song in front of her.
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time.
I tried to like him, but I just can't.
Yes, I like their songs so much.
A chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one was also good, but I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball beat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects.
I like their music, but they have way too many tattoos for me.
Does gay still mean happy?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian.
Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and The Simpsons.
I like almost all rock music, though.
The used's I caught fire in your eyes.
I know ways in which they could have made it much worse.
Just turn it on and off.
LP stands for Linkin Park as well.
Well, what do we have now?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone.
Rock, modern rap is disgusting and has no rhythm.
Can't you just rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stopped and his mother quickly realized, pulling the covers around her.
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
I have known people to urinate in their pants.
My aunt just sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban.
Screw it back in and give it a try.
They are all over the place there.
Icy blue, and you can see it's breath and it will have icicles on its nose.
Laughing out loud, but they are very funny.
I would take magic over glow any day.
Thanks so much if anybody can help!
No, I think they are stupid.
Good luck trying to hack my lock!
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount?
Is it salmon or some other type of fish?
Now you can get some sleep.
Final Destination was good, but saw is still at the top of my list.
He is so funny and he seems so sweet.
And you will actually have an experience to back it up.
I love Tyra, but I have to go with Angelina Jolie.
The Schindler's List is the best movie I have ever seen.
You are wasting your time, says the boy.
He will not say anything to the girl parrot.
"I just called to say "I love you" is just great!
Ask her out and treat her like a lady, tell her she is the one you are dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her and she is not going to beat me either.
But because of her, I am writing music with a happy tone.
I would not know for sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks show.
Orlando Bloom and Chad M Murray are both very attractive.
I think they are somewhat true. I believe in ruling planets a lot.
So if I download any In Flames song, the RIAA cannot sue me, right?
I want to listen to good music, but I do not know how to listen.
I don't know, well, babysit. Good luck looking for a job!
He is an evil fake b...h who should be put in jail for false advertising.
I have never heard of them, but the actual awards are very funny.
Just play and have fun, and maybe you will be lucky and win.
I have seen the movie as well.
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King...
Say you are pregnant, but not from you, but from someone else.
Chris and Kelly all the way!
Yes, I heard that they broke up too.
Yes, he is very attractive and so is his music.
The first time ever I saw your face.
Who sings the song "I don't like the looks of it?"
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I am not a little scary, so I can do all the things that they do.
What in the world do you mean?
No, he said that he liked her. That is what he rumor was.
It is a genetic super cool monster full of charm, humor, and good looks.
What is the maximum speed at which a couple makes love?
I was reading an answer of yours and I am impressed, you are cool.
He looks as creepy as hell.
She is just a useless slob making money over other people's troubles.
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing.
Yes, I know, that was lame.
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny.
The doctor asked, "What on earth have you been up to?"
One of you would have to sing.
Why don't you share where you are from?
Oprah of course, because she gives better advice and has done it longer.
I have always liked them since I was a child.
I like how Maya keeps it real.
Sell the baby to the movies.
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it, but maybe I will name it Jet.
Did you ever hear the last song on the album "Having a Roni?"
Your mother is so ugly, she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I want to make fullmetal alchemist videos.
Beyonce can not sing, dance, or act, nor can Rihanna.
That is a funny question.
He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close.
And people wonder why he is not married.
There is this song, but I do not know what it is.
I believe most girls actually think "Wow Carmen Electra looks good" and move on.
Paris Hilton, but Jessica is right under her.
I like oldies, old school rap, rap, pop, and pop, but not hard rock.
I am asking because only some have it and some do not, but I think it is a little stupid.
I think they make a cute couple and I am happy for them.
No, not at all. I really don't think in Spanish either. They rap about stupid stuff.
I am famous for inventing a hanger.
What is your question loser?
I can't think of the title (Take That First Step?)
Mix in some commonly known songs as well.
That sounds good to me. How about the rest of you?
I saw II very gorey. I like it and mean girls and shark tale. I have kids.
Anything is possible, all you have to do is dream.
Even if you dislike that type of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp.
Yes, but if it comes to wits, George Clooney would win.
I'm not a rock fan, but I hate George Clooney.
I do not really live here.
I met a girl who's name was Cherry Fudge.
The Red Hot Chillis are way out front.
It is really fun to read, I think.
I love Monopoly, Nintendo, Mario Brothers, and Softball.
Well, there is no drink.
No, he did not die, he is just old.
How does your friends not know that show?
Hello, my name is Elvis and you may have heard of me.
I did hear the Bjork-Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman and I do not care if she came from here.
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anyone tell me what the title of Kill Bill's song is?
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood.
Yo mama is so stupid, if brains were dynamite, she wouldn't have enough to blow her nose.
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are awesome!
I hope you find this one funny!
Limewire, I love it and it is great to get the latest music.
My taxes, gas, inflation, and my ego!
There is the key: You fell asleep!
Although all three are just one big movie.
Yes, Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's movies.
Fall Out Boy is my favorite band.
I do not know who any of them are.
She wanted children and got married. She did it and will not end up regretting it.
One bottle of Captain Morgan will do the trick. I am going to meet you at the library.
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us.
It's Chico time. That's majorly embarrassing.
U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
Yes, I hate it and cannot take it any longer.
For example, Shuichi likes to read manga everyday.
Do not call it a Christian band.
It is very easy to pick up.
Mymine is the pleasure of my company by Steve Martin.
Gentleman, and I thank God everyday for the one that I have!
I was just kidding, MC Hammer, back when he had money and fame.
Are you gay? People are so stupid. Did you see Donnie Darko?
I love the guitar and the drums.
Any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good. She has picked some great roles so far.
The worst I have had is broken items.
I do not like them at all.
It is the best metal band ever!
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD.
You know they always think that the stupidest things are funny.
If so, who are you and why are you famous?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up!
I actually made this one up, but I can't tell if people think it is funny or not.
I think they both stink. If I had to pick one, it would be Italian job.
Laughing out loud, girls need to be a little of everything.
Watching the baby cow suck on the mother cow.
It ended. You can get it on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
Not really, but that is just my opinion.
I used to like it, but it frightens me now.
That made the movie a bit impressive to me.
Dude, why are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite television show, just second to the Simpsons.
Not long, if they were even really together at all.
Under the Tuscan Sun with Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world and everyone likes me there.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
When you don't miss that person anymore, when you see that other person, your eyes don't light up.
I do not know, have you ever tried the stuff?
I do not know, but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
How was I supposed to pick one?
Yes, let's get together.
I loved her in the 80's.
Why do they erase it all the time?
My favorite English song is Kiss from a Rose by Seal.
I like them both, I just want to see what you think.
Yes, I think I have it.
Anime is an animation version of a manga.
My mother is a Taurus, while my father is a Scorpio, but they are still happy together, so I would say yes!
I can email it to you, if that does not work try Limewire.
If they do not like him, that is fine.
He just wishes he could tap that.
It is probably ACDC or Guns N Roses.
I have been wanting to get back into it because it was sounding pretty darn good, I believe.
The song is Dirty Little Secret by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eyes and said, "Hello!"
It is funny, but really, really stupid.
She has awesome songs like "Check Up On It" with Slim Thug.
So, what are we supposed to do?
Note: I am not looking for an Aladdin movie.
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal, then they are going to scare you.
It is too bad he retired at 40 years old.
Well, they probably can't see anything at first.
I am glad someone finally asked this question!
No, I am a Scorpio.
I didn't know there was going to be an Incredibles 2?
Eminem is one hot, sexy son of a *****.
He is a greasy looking little feller and he always seems to need a shave.
List your best April Fools pranks here.
Drama Queens. I don't understand it myself.
I need to know the name of the movie from the 80's.
I used to be a fan as well.
It is nothing short of a diamond ring.
I'm not sure, but these two points put me at 1001.
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat arse, not a booty.
I definitely do not want a thug.
Check it out on Yahoo movies.
Do you have any ideas on how to do that?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallvill, and Nip Tuck.
Yes, I actually bought one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
Read numbers upside down and right side up.
Yes, I think I am. I have heard a lot of people say I am to.
What is her whole name?
I love the movie "The Parent Trap," it is one of my favorite movies.
Your mother is so ugly, Bigfoot takes pictures of her.
It is either a headstone or a coffin.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, but a stupid person can not.
I do not understand Emo or Screamo.
Dead on arrival, their relationship is dead on arrival.
I do not know about the children.
No idea. I have tried to watch it, and just can't.
The Click Five is a great band and their songs are out of this world.
What is your favorite bit in Gilmore Girls?
I'm just wondering, how did that guy stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never works out perfectly.
It's hard to say, but I'm thinking either Kevin, Bucky, or Melissa because she messed up the lyrics.
No, not funny, but it was made to be hated and remembered.
It is bugging me and I want to hear it.
Yes, miracles can happen!
Whether it is country or classic rock, make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird.
If that is not hard enough, System of a Down rules!
I do not know about the videos, but you can download songs at itunes.com or limeware.com.
I must agree with American Idol.
No, not really, we are not well understood.
I found it and still find it irresistible.
Yes, it is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day. I love all the songs, especially "Boulvard of Broken Dreams."
Note: I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I am going to take a closer look at my Disney's pictures.
He is in "She's the Man."
You can try it because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why don't you throw a new life party?
No, I am not gay either.
But I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
I am watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror movie in the 1970s or 1980s.
I like Vanilla Ice like you, and I admit I have new kids on the block.
Red Hot Chili Peppers, of course.
I say the same as everyone else.
Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp are the most attractive men in the world.
But since you asked, I think rap is way better.
I am a handsome, attractive, and cool person who you cannot get.
Flute, because that is what I can play.
It is okay. It is nothing great, but it is nothing bad.
I want him and will call him money.
A bad boy because they have everything and are playful.
So, you have to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
I still like both bands now.
She also just did a spread in King Magazine.
Tyra Banks is my idol. I think she is pretty, but I heard a rumor that she is pregnant.
I would go out there and kick your butt right now, but I can't swim.
That is a tough one.
It goes like this.
And if so, what is your opinion on it?
I am crazy about Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
I do not think it is strange at all.
She took on armed guards at a palace in Turkey.
He fired his sister because he cannot keep his mouth shut.
Babbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production. There have been five revivals, see the rest here.
You are going to be a saint.
It is because he is a control freak.
Yes, but Journey is completely awesome.
Whenever I think of her, I feel great.
You are right, I cannot answer it.
But I suppose these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps.
James James, both of them suck, rap is gay.
I just need some sick or ill rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
No, they are not, but thank you for your two points.
Hermionie, no, Tonks, no wait, it is Snape.
I used to watch it until about season 4. It got too boring.
Oh yes sister, check this website out.
Here we are, so what are you going to do?
I used to be a fan as well.
That sounds like my type of girl!
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
Yes, there is one called DOC Watson.
When you find out, please let me know.
I do not understand why anyone likes that movie.
It should be free to download and easy to use with features such as looping and fading.
However, it can also mean Japanese comic books (like a genre).
I heard there is going to be a sequel.
I have always loved his work and he is an excellent actor.
Sure enough, he did just what he said.
Try being nice and talking to her, do not worry about your signs, they are not always right.
I am adding some new favorites to my collection, why not try stained's new one right here waiting?
I like the man, he is funny and down to earth.
Your mother is so stupid that under Education on her job application, she put Hooked on Phonics.
I am confused, are you looking for someone or one?
I would love to be her and have a lot of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
There is no reason, but I am doing it pretty fast, am I?
He is rich and can look like that if he wants to.
Do not try to impress her, if she likes you, she will come to you.
I like rap because you can rhyme and spit, but in rock music you can't make fun of people.
There should be a category for the best questions.
I haven't seen it yet, but I really can't wait until it's on DVD.
It was great and made me cry a lot.
"Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I think it is impossible to choose just one.
I just go high listerningh to them.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time.
Then, of course Simon always disagrees. He is pretty good about his judgements, but he is harsh, though.
Yes, but they are unknown artists.
I do not know, my head hurts.
I don't know how long ago they broke up.
I love watching my little guy try to act out the things with them.
That was nice how you got him back.
I just didn't think that he would jump again.
I don't hate him, but he is weird. I'm amazed that this got 33 answer in 50 minutes. Congratulations.
For me, that is exactly what I am looking for if I were looking.
I even watch the reruns now!
Yes, I think Paula was loving everyone this week. Was she on ecstasy or something?
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two whole seasons of newlyweds.
Although the song is fairly new, it sounds very old school.
At the disco, I write sins, not tragedies.
Video killed the radio star by The Buggles.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde?
So, no, I do not think so.
I think they are over-paid and definitely over-celebrated.
This is the best movie in the world.
But I think four people would be better.
Don't worry, you will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks.
That was me before I had my operation.
There is a blonde driving down the highway.
Eminem is a poser. I pick Get rich or die trying.
Put parental control on or use web site ratings.
You can tell she really cared about her crew.
I love this song very much.
Searching the internet or looking for bugs.
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic!
Chicken, because God can not lay eggs.
To those of you asking if the asker of this question is gay, who cares?
It all depends on who messes up?
No, neither of them. If I had to choose, I would probably be Mario or Vin Diesel.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not a little racist, it is a lot racist.
It goes something like that for the chorus.
So it is probably more than that.
Ever wonder why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born, she kept you!
The chicken because it had to hatch the egg.
Happy Days was the best.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna, so she needs to stop pretending.
I ask to people who answered this question, where are your shoes?
Tell him that you hate him and you are finding someone different.
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
I still never forgave her for that.
It is a great source, just download it.
The word you are looking for is strengths.
You know, when I first got into music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before, but mentioned it once and they said nothing and did not care.
Yes, but you are going to anyway, so why even ask?
I used to play the flute, but once I started playing sax, I got hooked.
If you like Family Guy, you should love American Dad.
They play their own music and right their own songs.
We will have a real good time!
Yes, a PSP, but I would not get a PSP for a child under 13 years old.
If you want to live and talk and dream about it, I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I love it.  I will keep you my dirty little secret.
I suppose it is the blond from American Idol.
If you can answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called epic. I can't remember the artist, but it is a banging tune!
Hello Mar, that commercial is for Dairy Queen. I just thought I would let you know.
