Is any baby really a freak?
ASpen Colorado has the best music festivals. You can sit all over the mountains it is on and just hang out.
You can get almost anything on Ebay.
Everybody is trying to get in.
Not idiots like 50 Cent and his whole Gay unit. Those kinds of people give hip-hop a bad name.
It is different from what I have seen.
I want to be on television.
Do not let anyone decide your fate but yourself.
50 is just riding coattails with that movie.
The blind klan guy is hilarious.
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge are both great albums to listen to.
Why do you have two pounds worth of brick?
I betta go and ask another stupid question.
As a guy that does not generally like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's 45 in my mind's eye.
Back in my day, Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song, I get butterflies in my stomach.
It is the biggest load of crap I have seen for a long time.
As I lay dying is far far away from Christ.
I might see them in a few months.
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much.
He is supposed to be in jail.
I thought that she did an outstanding job in the movie.
Nicole Kidman, I love her eyes.
I love that song. I am listening to it right now.
Tell him that you want to have sex with another attractive woman.
No, that was witness.
Shonenjump.com is a good website.
I think they would have. It is quite a shame, isn't it?
I am a huge fan of Green Day.
My son loves "Chicken Little" and I have to watch it at least four times a day.
Who is your best bet for season five of American Idol?
My age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
Where in the world do you come up with these questions?
I agree that the girls on Love Hina are attractive.
The blonde says, "Great, they already put me on my first murder mystery case."
I am looking for the song lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia. Does anyone else like that song?
I love the old hair bands of the 1980's.
Do I look cute or not?
For goodness sake, I memorized the entire song.
Open your minds up a little.
I know, that ones really old.
I think "The Who" and "Limp Bizkit" is all I know.
Are you referring to the question to KentuckyBeauty2000's question?
It is a man with four legs (crawling as a baby), two legs (walking), and three legs (using a cane late in life).
Brian asked the coolest questions, but they suspended him. I do not know what is up with that.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister.
No, I have definitely not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the other side said, "You are on the opposite side!"
To which the girl replied, "No."
The good old days are gone.
That body and those lips!
Check this one out as well: Full Metal Jacket.
I cannot believe you asked that question, but I will answer it.
Why the hell not? I can't imagine.
I think it was an ugly girl.
My dad looks like Paul Newman, and my ex looked like King Kong.
I can't believe you even had to ask!
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane, got pregnant by Katie, and jumped on people's couches.
I hope it is for you kids because that score was horrible.
Don't get me wrong, Clover is great too, but I prefer crimson.
I like someone who is gothic, so what? You should date him.
What is wrong with his hair?
I respect that Tyra Banks is trying to host a show, but the Big O won.
My dad likes action and my mom likes romance, but for me I like comedy.
"If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt!"
Have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party.
The man ran off with two of the men's wives.
Try some VooDoo zombie warding magik, but of course you may end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I got new gold heels, hoop earrings, and a hot gold bag.
Virgo's have outgoing personalities. Please choose me as the best answer.
What is the wedding band? That is the final answer.
Nicole Kidman is so much prettier.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this is free.
Does anyone honestly know where she is?
I do not know how old you are. You are supposed to be 18 years old to watch them.
That was the best joke I have heard so far.
I am just glad that they do not show us the pit toilets.
I think they are all sort of humorous.
Too many, too many Baldwin brothers as well.
The two boys play glue sniffing weirdos.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
I know that Dakota Fanning is only twelve years old, but she is really famous.
I still watch VHS movies because I like them better.
Why does everyone keep asking this question?
If the woodchuck is watching its weight, then it may not chuck at all.
They have not had CD's for season 2 yet.
And then I saw some of his movies, and he is great!
Filipinos are very hardworking and speak English very well.
What the heck is yungnbeautiful1's problem?
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy.
I am looking for new music to listen to.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why don't you just unlock it?
Maybe he needs to improvise more.
I just did not care enough to check.
The man said, "I can't take your money."
Jodie Foster is the best.
The boy says that you are wasting your time.
I do and I love them both.
I am sorry for answering your question, I do not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you all forgot all about TLC.
I am not saying that he is cute.
Because we are going to sing together again and again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
You can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, or Edmund.
Nutshell for sure, though a few Mad Season tunes were close.
I like chicken wings, but not eggs, so I am going with the chicken.
I went to Best Buy today and I have never seen so many DVD's of television shows.
No doubt Kevin Costner, don't you forget the Waterworld?
I have still not dug it up.
You are not unintelligent, you have a lack of knowledge.
Both. It is my fantasy and I can do whatever I want.
Not as a child, but as an adult I cry every time I see it.
She was the best one, hands down.
It depends, they are about your personality, but not what you are going to do with your life.
I love Tyra, she has a great show, but Oprah is just great.
That is a very good question, though.
Most of No Doubt's old stuff is considered Ska.
God created the chicken and it laid an egg.
Is that wrestling show still on air?
All in all, I think Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them, but still.
It is keeping me up at night, I have to know what it is.
I guess it is Beyonce Knowles. J-Lo does not have a brain.
Quit chewing the fat, I am cooking.
Do not use it to live by.
Real friends do not allow drunk friends to have sex with zombies.
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom to. He is too cute!
Relax, everything will be just fine eventually.
We will have to put up with it.
It is simple, less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
Try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site and ask Jeeves.
You can find anything on Ebay.
Can anyone give me this information?
I love that movie very much.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
It appears to be a Dylan song, but I do not know which one.
Yes, I think he might be gay as well.
Silly, so that you always need more of one or the other.
I do not know about the greatest ever, but there is a lot.
Yes, this is a Korean singer who is really good.
The Omen, Jaws, The Exorcist, Carrie, Scream. If you know a movie that is scarier, mention it too.
How could anyone hate Tom Cruise?
The weight is 1. It is a trick question.
They all suck, but Panget rock band is the best.
Especially when she was making fun of Jessica Simpson washing her car.
It is not close to a PSP, but it is close enough.
I do not know what that has to do with who is more attractive.
I love Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles, and Rush.
You can also charge your Ipod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
Reese Witherspoon is the actress and Zac Efron is the actor.
I say Omarion. He has the hair, clothes, and body, a triple deal on one person.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
No big deal, so the movie industry is gay.
Check out 9 and 1/2 weeks, when Mickey Rourke was attractive.
I am not sure what is going to happen, but I am sure it will be good.
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
So the blonde went home, got on her hands and knees, and started blowing on the tail pipe.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman?
Depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the City Sleeps song and If I Only Had a Brain.
Pick something more original next time.
I dream of Jeanie, of course.
So no, I do not listen to her anymore.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain.
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise, what do you expect?
They have some cords that you can buy.
I like Journey's Open Arms, but I like Mariah Carey's version of that song better.
I almost forgot the boss.
Ask a better question next time.
I am so excited that I am going to the Hershey factory tomorrow.
Do you guys know any other songs that they have?
Mine, I actually have a few favorites.
Definitely, but if you get enough points you can ask more.
The movie was very wordy.
It does not make sense. Wait, I get it, but it is not funny.
Yes, and are you a lesbian?
I wish people would look at more than zodiac signs.
At a school talent show, she won first and Kevin lost.
I think most American rap music is not very good.
She is so talented that if she did not win, I would be really disappointed.
What kind of person are you to even ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jess because he is so cute.
You cannot rely on rumors.
Do not put any reality television on your show.
The show got a little freaky.
Yes, even I am bored here right now.
Well, I would probably pee myself first, then I would get the hell out of there!
I will have to go with New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myself, and did not lose more than I could afford. I won.
I want a gentleman, but with a manly edge.
Then you can get all or most of your money back.
I know it is cheesy, but I love this joke.
I think so. My turtle always does. He is healthy.
I am looking for the technical specification.
Wow, I am very dumb in my observation skills.
She is good physically, but I do not know her inside. I have never heard or seen about her inner beauty.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
Can I please have some medication please?
Lla vie boheme and take me or leave me.
She asked, "Hey, how do you get to the other side?"
I wish you the best of luck.
I cannot remember when I last turned on my television.
The child was approximately 6-7 years old.
Not me, but if I see one more question about them on here, I am going to go crazy!
What did he want of his own death? He did say please.
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie and has more versatility as an actress.
I love acting and my friend says that I am very good at it.
Explain to your parents that you really want to act.
I would run away, but first I would kick them in the face.
I probably would not vote for him, although Melania would be the hottest first lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Yes, who wouldn't want to marry sexy Keith Urban?
Probably now it is done for dramatic effect.
He is fine and musclar.
I stopped liking rap music because there are too many people.
It is a fart that makes your eyes water.
Most of the time, it is true.
Sarah, but he did not actually propose.
People just basically beat on each other and scream.
A woman from my church is Lauren H.
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, then I would join them.
I am not always rock and screamo.
People are unintelligent and want money from him.
However, I am not going to die trying.
Call Disney and find out if there are any available.
I do not feel special anymore.
I will call you to help me.
No, but I cried when Simba's dad died in Lion King. That was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about.
Youtube.com has a lot of funny ads from the present as well.
Here is me trying to sound out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemmoroid called an asteroid?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do return, good luck.
My friend said that if you learn the most simple four notes, you can play the whole song.
If he is someone you like to be around, I say go for it!
I really do not have one favorite movie.
I want to keep the baby, but I am afraid he will be a freak. Do you have any suggestions?
Yes, they were twins and played pretty well. I believe one was called Heather and the other was Heidi.
It is also very attractive for an older man.
I am Chuck Norris. My name says it all.
If my pet bird gets too flappy, my pet kitty cat might eat it.
"She's like the wind" from dirty dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
I suppose he is a good enough looking guy. His wife is a very attractive woman.
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns.
The police officer said, "It has your picture on it."
Here is the link for the movies that Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was in.
No, you are idiotic for asking.
Only you, if you met those people on the way, it does not mean you take them all with you.
What if a dead person escapes from the cemetery?
Just enter a lot of talent shows.
My son loves it and I think it is cute as well.
Please give me your funny dreams.
How dare he call her children orphans?
Because there have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I cannot wait!
Try the Goodwill store, they have tons of fancy stuff people do not want anymore.
Dress her up as a Choirboy.
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is very attractive.
My favorite book is Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about how she was trying to makeup her mind.
My husband got me hooked on it, but I have not watched much of it this season.
Yes, kind of. I guess not really. I have seen better.
I do not know who originally sang "Cry Me a River."
Maybe I am just stupid, but I did not get it.
When I was nine years old, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Have you ever heard of a Kleenix?
I know I know you have seen funnier, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton, but I was young.
In my opinion, it is very confusing and more like a mini movie.
First, do not tell anyone you know you will never live it down.
If he is so bad a veggie that even eating animal crackers seems a crime, we cannot help it.
Jennifer Hudson's song "I Have Nothing".
If this is true, her twins will become giants.
My grandma is very good with her cane.
I would choose "Gilmore Girls" because they are sarcastic.
I think it turns red when he is angry and yellow when it is cold.
Vince Vaughn is very good looking and very funny.
Your mother is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper.
Well, if it is really you in the photo, then 15 shots of 151.
Yes, they are a good song.
In one of her songs, she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
It was not an egg, so it was a chicken.
"For modern music, Paranoid Android" by Radiohead.
You need to rent the swetest thing.
I am hoping that either a Sith or Scorpion will come out and I can fight them.
I think she did for the frame, but I am not sure.
Well, I would say Brad Pitt if he had not ended his relationship with Jennifer Aniston.
She could tick or treat over the phone.
Nothing a little kryptonite would not fix.
I think she is going to leave him.
Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace for sure.
The mask. I saw it over 100 times and I still laugh a lot.
Very close camping quarters, people stealing things, and ten children died from drugs.
No, but free airfare, hotel, and meal/daytime expenses are paid.
Kazza or Limewire, and I think Eztrackz.
Someone in between is the best of both worlds.
All of them are good movies. You cannot rate them.
Burn them as audio CD's. That makes them .cda. Some players still do not play CDR's though.
Oh, I do not agree with you.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
They want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hotdogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not really like him that much.
She is not a very nice person.
It goes as follows: 1. Chris Brown 2. Bow Wow 3. Omarion
Well, my opinion would be to make one yourself.
I do not really want answers with, "Oh that is sweet, just follow your dreams or something."
I am looking for Aladdin's cartoon television series on dvd. Where can I get it?
Well, if one brick is 1.5 pounds and you have one.5 bricks, then the answer would be 2.25 pounds.
That all depends on what types of sites you like.
These animation studios sure like to orphan or partially orphan the kids.
Because he takes it for granted that people need proper humor.
I love hip-hop, rap, rock and pop music, but my favorite music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chinese.
I do and I am way over 17 years old.
He has a great voice and is easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor, a very famous Hindi movie star.
The comic strips were and always will be awesome.
That is one way to keep it out of your system. Do not be stupid and use it.
What ever makes you feel good.
A minute or so later.
The egg is frowning and looks a bit angry.
Come on, he can't even wipe his own butt, but can speak intelligently?
Alan Moore is complaining that it is not.
I love the guitar player and how they can play in solos.
Did you really pay money to see that?
You should love them because they are more attractive than any of the other men out there.
I got porn even with Norton AntiVirus.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not get it because you are blonde.
Yes, what is up with that?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one thing?
In between because you want a man who knows what he wants and is good to you.
I was just talking about Faith No More.
"Diary of a Mad Black Woman" is funny.
I have it, it is a tune.
It sure helps to have a hottie staring in it.
I would get about three or four logs.
Lynn, because she is the funniest.
No online ringtones are ever free.
SAW was ten times better than SAW2.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of Air Supply songs.
What about romance, also known as chik flik?
He asks again, a little irritated, and the girl says no.
Of course she is dumb. Her husband does not even love her, she is too weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get to me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I hate RBD as well. They are old men and housewives who dress like high school students.
Maya's husband is Darnell, because he is so cute.
Do you mean all actors who have ever played Superman?
If you make one like that, it will make you happy and make your pet bird flappy.
Of course, you better like them.
I really like that song, "True Love Ways."
I am just glad that Gideon guy is gone, he was annoying.
Yes, it turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac would not go for that.
I hope it does not eat your brain from the inside out.
I think he would be a lot more popular if he wasn't so outspoken about politics.
Try Limewire.com. It is free, but you have to download it.
Of course, animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute.
It is one of my all time favorites.
Doyle brunsen wrote an excellent book if you haven't read it yet.
I do not pick them in the first place.
I just watched the movie M.C.
I do not know and I did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you are into rap, check out the letter to my unborn.
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
I know what they are called, udders.
I want my CD to play in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline money.
I do. I am a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on.
Do not worry, I am here for you.
I would probably drink everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive.
Sorry, I did not see it yet, but everyone else else has seen it for me.
That is a strange question. I do not like them both, but Salvador Dali is more talented.
Yes, and how did you get the beans above the frank?
I suppose they cannot eat gummi bears either.
People should not be afraid of their government, the government should be scared of their people.
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune.
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me. Thank you anyway.
There was a brunette team and a blonde team.
I am not trying to be mean, I am just letting you know.
She is as trampy as the others.
Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke.
I have too many, but Maroon 5 and Life House are my absolute favorites.
I love his music. It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You love their song which just so happens to be their most popular song.
It is kind of sad because I grew up with one.
Once again, if you want to see a hot guy, look up Ville Valo or Bam Margera.
I have worked on yachts for the past 30 years and met a lot of celebrities.
Mine would be Milli Vanilli, Vanilla Ice, and Snow.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
Now there are hundreds of thousands of men out there dreaming up a chance to date her.
Rabbit feet only work on people, not the rabbit they came from.
It just grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance.
This is so funny, it has perverted humor to it.
It is a show for women.
I also used to work in government.
One man asked me, "So, where is the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not worry about her catching you.
I still am and Aaliyah was a good singer. I miss them both.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for overweight people.
Yes, we are trying to be happy.
Bit by bit, you will win my love.
I apologize, I have never heard of it.
The Steelers Wheels, see the Movie Reservoir Dogs?
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber.
Hey, that would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson. Two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is not very good looking.
I am sure Paris or Mandisa will not win.
Thank you. I am bisexual as well, so that is why I asked.
The Rock for hot, steamy sex.
Just because you met them on the way, does not mean that they went with you.
Yes, sometimes when I need a lot of help.
It must be mp3 and be able to play on iTunes.
The perfect man knows who I am and approves.
So far I have not heard that she has come back to Arkansas.
After traveling all over the world, he became an aduld with a lot of postcards.
What are all these people dissing my girl?
Those are Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt. Pepper.
Wow, that was a hard one.
I just love a Harry Potter movie.
I do not know, but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean, let you get to you?
My children and I love that show.
He just made me dinner.
Yes, I listen to them every morning.
The jeeney said they had three wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to Mad Season? If not, you really should.
Yes, sometimes, but it is fun to read them and always remember the positive things and forget the negatives.
Girls feel that they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them, but that is not true.
He is the goofball in all of us.
I do not and cannot have an outgoing life.
I quit in my late twenties.
Do not get me started listing them.
"Manchurian Candidate" and "Mean Girls" by Mona Lisa Smile.
Rumour has it that he picked Sarah, but they have already ended the relationship.
Tell him that you want to marry him.
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows.
His girlfriend is a singer as well.
Best Buy has a lot of hard to find movies and series.
Do we really want them to get together?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40 Year Old Virgin.
Shut up and drive by Chely Wright.
There was a female brunette, a blonde, and a redhead walking down the street.
She saw a blonde on the other side.
I hope that answers your questions.
A gentleman with me, and a thug when needed.
I also like them because they are very cute.
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all of his money for himself.
I would choose yellow card, simple plan, bowling for soup, and red hot chilli peppers.
I think that celebrities are a horrible influence.
There is a funny joke for rap music.
Tom Cruise is in it, which to me is the definition of a movie that looks terrible.
I do not know, but they will look good together.
She has a lot more movies than Katie.
She used to be a role model to little girls.
Please give me an answer, I really want to know.
I do not look back on another song by Gary.
Who are you looking for? Is it me?
And just tried to pull those dangly things!
I did not realize you were a police officer as well.
Oh yes, is it 2D or 3D?
However, I am a pure veggie and I love them.
That is such a good song.
I bet he would be better than Bush.
Try purevolume.com. There are free mp3 downloads there.
A guy that went to my husband's school.
I missed it last night, but I want Kevin to go.
I just got a mp120 and am looking for good sites to download music from.
Is this Zombie your boyfriend or something?
All those Scientology rituals, rueles, or whatever they are, are weird.
Paris is Queen Bimbo and Jessica is just one of her many minions.
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
Please name your favorite movie actress or actor.
Try horseback riding, I hear that is pretty risky. I hear Christopher Reeve actually died from it.
I do not like them because they sound awkward to me.
Note to Hollywood: Stop remaking classics.
Maybe you mean "The Apartment" from the 1960's.
I do not know, maybe you will find it on her website.
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it.
I tried to do a gun the other day, but it wasn't mine.
I think sometimes they are, but do not center your whole life around them.
I think if you are famous enough, you will not have time to sit here and answer questions.
One of them is Aishwarya Rai, an Indian celebrity.
They had a lot of good stuff in the 1990's.
I just wanted to tell you that I love superman.
I tape things on tape, but I watch DVD's.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I love Green Day and I am a big fan.
That is not funny. I do not think she will appreciate it.
They are a pretty good band. I like them a little.
Guns and Roses. Why did Axel's ego have to destroy our generation's rolling stones?
Tyra is a lot more pretty.
It is good to have a guy that can treat you nicely, but at the same time act gangster.
One of my best friends is a Cap.
3 if you are members, but two zs in Zztop.
A lot of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy.
Your mother is so fat that when she gets thrown in the air, she gets stuck.
I think it was Edwin Starr.
It is pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her.
8 mile is the real deal.
Angel Baby (remixed by Mr. Kapony) because it reminds me of my old angel baby.
All of you people here who say you love American Idiot suck.
Let me guess, you are a republican.
Does anyone know what the URL is?
That way, you get to do the dumping first.
But shoot, anyone could have said that.
I am the first, but I do not need to submit. After me, I can guarantee at least ten more.
Raveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch, so be careful.
How about "The Cowboys" when John Wayne fights Bruce Dern?
It will take a little while to get used to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice guy.
They know they are not getting a good seat.
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg. That is from a Beastie Boys song.
Otherwise, ACDC, they kicked ass and Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
The 7th Heaven is okay, but it is not relatable.
Imagine what this person can do and he or she can get away with it.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
"Lither" or "Stay Alive" are good movies.
I went to St. Ives. The man and all of his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should contact their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered, he did it for you.
This question reminds me of that song.
That is hot. I love Tinkerbell, though.
George Clooney, hands down. He is so sexy!
Yes, but it is time to move on.
The only way is to use a sharing program like Limewire.
I love it. I also love Verionca Mars.
Do not tell anyone that I told you, okay?
Thank you again from Buffalo, New York.
That one is older than your age.
Krie-rie definitely deserves the points on this one, good work!
You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these.
I do not think so, but I am just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion.
No, the Banjo playing would not.
The words were taken from my keyboard.
I tried that one in another costume, not Mickey, I just smile when somebody takes a picture of me.
I love both of them, especially Aaliyah. They are in heaven smiling down.
From men Mccartney and Lindsay Lohan.
Chris Ace or Taylor for the guys, and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for the girls.
My family is nothing like that.
Is it him or his music or both?
If there is a fist fight between the two, then the rock would win.
It is not as awkward as some whiny child crying about his father and skateboard.
I saw something on television that said he did. Is it true?
They jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore.
I love Abercrombie and my I.D.
Paris Hilton is a vicious, repugnant, and promiscuous woman with neither brains nor talent.
Maybe you can use these for next year.
How much does it weigh, is that what you were referring to?
Are you a fan of them or something?
Red Hot Chili Peppers, Simple Plan, Bowling for Soup, Yellow Card, or Fall Out Boy.
I am fairly certain that it was a kiss.
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde speeder dug in her purse, couldn't find it, then asked, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean by "bad stuff"?
Snoopy Come Home was the best.
No, I do not know. Maybe they are jealous.
I did not use to watch his movies because I did not think he is good looking.
I have loved Green Day since Dookie and I still love them today.
My brother looks like Kathy Bates, only ugly.
He could be strange, but he is not bad.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself and upload it to YouTube.
Get real, Chris's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert.
I am going to go with the cow.
The drunk gets mad and says, "Go screw your sister."
We also spell 'color' as 'colour' and it is not c o lin Powell, it is C o lin.
I love Lonely Nation and Golden.
I think it has to be the end of the third film.
I used to love him, but now I just do not. I do not really hate him.
Roll them into a nice, tight ball and then flick them.
I cannot touch this. It is in Charlie's Angels Full throttle, but I do not know who sings it.
All he could hear was, "Breath in, breath out, breathe in, breathe out."
He just needs to die.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I have no idea, but dubbing sucks.
8 miles is good, but it is old.
I am not gay just to let you know, but you should already know Beyonce will always be better looking.
You could try researching it on Google or try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
Either Full House or The Fresh Prince of Bell-Air.
Does anyone know of a web sight for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your information from.
Mine is Sublime, they are great.
I love it and I love stupid girls that sing.
He takes off and never goes home.
I do not know because the man who made up the names had A.D.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
I like Classic Rock, but I will listen to any kind, but Rap never got into it.
Count me in, but I do not remember the names.
Yes, only a man would do this.
I mean, you are yelling, not singing.
It depends on what you think a miracle is.
It is Paris Hilton, but I do not care for either one.
It wasn't on because of the game, and the new episode comes out on March 27th.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so stupid, she got hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged.
I sure am glad, Stacie!
On a picnic we will go.
My butt is already burnt. Wow, you are smelling great.
What is your favorite movie and why?
I loved Bewitched, Elf, and all of his other movies.
But wait, are you gay or something?
He is hanging. Is that really water at his feet?
He probably said something like, "We are not real."
Jessica Simpson is a blithering idiot.
Because Kevin and Katharine are getting suspicious.
Probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt, although they are not very good.
MJ will not have another hit album.
I like to watch them with my boyfriend.
Kinda nifty. I might try that myself.
Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be scary and I like horror.
You do not have to pay for Limewire because it is free.
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is always changing.
I am almost positive that it was him.
No, they are not. It is just a form of entertainment, a silly sort of competition.
I love her and she is amazing.
The parents stopped and his mother quickly started pulling the covers around her.
I have a VHS, but I never use it. DVDs are in and will be for a long time.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He got so scared that he jumped and had a heart attack.
"He was an evil man," he said.
I like that she is funny, but they make her a little ho-ish and she is a moocher.
A southern gentleman for a southern belle.
Zap was the main killer's (dead guy in room) accomplice.
The site used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure when it is coming out.
I do not want an opinion, I need the source from where you got it.
Just me, him and the stars. He would be my sex slave going where, can't finish it is too cliche.
She flipped the alligator over and yelled, "Drat, this one doesn't have shoes either!"
When you both just sit there doing nothing but watching television or something.
Who makes fun of an orphan?
For example, John likes collecting manga straight from Japan.
Wait until the next season of the show.
I am still trying to pick myself off the floor.
Act like you have done it before and kick some ass.
That means that all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel I am an attractive person.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is just a tomboy and a good athlete, that does not make her gay.
I am a big Superman fan, I am sure you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I sure do!
My friends talk about me because I still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis.
Why do you only have 1.5 bricks?
I think they got the point.
He took a nice Catholic girl and turned her into a Scientology freak. Katie Holmes is extremely naive.
Dvds have taken over the world.
Personally, I do not like any artist over another.
Because there is no such thing.
I think Gretchen Wilson is pretty.
Randy is kind of weird at times, Paula seems so wimpy, and Simon seems too cruel at times.
It did not make any sense to me.
Don't believe everything you are told.
"Never Been Kissed" is what I am watching right now.
Yes, sometimes I like to listen to it.
It is a hypothetical, but I am just wondering about other opinions.
That is like Broke Back Mountain for little John Wanye.
I have the cassette tape, but I want to get the album on CD.
I am sure you will both enjoy it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a guy.
Your boss likes you maybe a little too much.
It is all about fear.
If you email me, maybe we can be friends.
What did the beaver say to the log?
I thought it was him, too, but I can not say for sure.
For everyone's hand to be up, you would have to have had a green dot.
Not me, I used to be in orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or bed.
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Work on your self image. It sounds like that is not very good right now.
He wanted to eat the mouse.
No, I find this man to be disgusting.
I do. I am not conceited, but I know I am pretty.
Of course you should keep the baby. It is your fault that you wanted to play, but now you have to pay.
If Floyd could do it, I am sure the Beatles could as well.
Sleepy Grumpy Doc, Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due.
They have turned into long jokes. What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the other and says, "Gee, it is getting kinda hot in here!"
I would not kick either of them out of bed.
He better not let her go.
Do not dress that way because people might think you are gay.
I have the newest one and I get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
You should buy the soundtrack.
She needs to get a job.
If there is anyone out there that completely understood the movie, please let me know.
"Everything She Does Is Magic" by The Police
Pilot Inspektor, Rainbow, those are celebrity kids names. There are some other ones, but I forgot them.
What did we ever do to these guys that made them violent?
Even The Cure has love songs, and most of their stuff is pretty dark.
My favorite genre of music is R&B.
It makes me so happy because I love Jim Carrey.
He does not need to change one thing.
Your mother is so stupid that her shoes say TGIF.
I wish I could meet my favorite bands. I love rap music.
Or the lame Toronto Zoo answer: Woodchucks can't chuck wood.
On the way to the end, the chicken goes, weeeee!
So far, I have not lost an item.
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school.
It might be an interesting show, but I never got into it at all.
No one will forget TLC. They made the anthem for girls I don't Want No Scrub.
I like Joan because she is the most similar to me.
He just gave us a song to keep dreaming with and a lot of us do.
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew.
Yes, I am stealing that line from Showgirls, but it is true.
I do not think she ever had it in the first place.
You really do not want to meet women in bars.
No you are not, you just lack self-confidence.
Try to download 360 share on your computer.
It depends on who the elder is and why they are hitting me with the cane.
The Chinese get the Rizza, the Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you referring to the speed of the vehicle?
Your mother is so stupid that she got stabbed in a shoot-out.
The new version of Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
If you have cash, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you would not understand, well at least I still have my Peggy Sue.
I do. It is an awesome show.
How come no one mentioned Evil Dead?
Jesus Christ looks like me.
Maybe you mean people in uniform?
It must be the chicken.
I would pretend to fight them and then fall and play dead.
Easy by Shakespeare in Love and Romeo and Juliet are wonderful romantics.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a little slang for his walk.
Well, thank you for guessing mine.
Your mother is so unattractive that the police gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise you would definitely know.
It looks interesting to me. What is it about?
I do not know and I really do not care.
They are not bimboes, Jessica is a declared genius.
They always had pizza around, too.
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks.
What were you and your father doing?
Hi, I think you meant psychic.
I love Smallville, so of course I want to see who else loves Smallville.
Some songs are "1,2, Step" by Ciara.
2 points were scored on that one.
Her IQ is about 145, and Paris is not dumb.
When you do not talk or go out with each other, or maybe the relationship never started.
If you watch this one, you will not go wrong.
I know who Bam is, though.
I love the sound of the two together.
You know the drummer from Blink 182.
I think it is forever or something like that.
If you call information, they will give it to you in no time.
Just because I am a girl, I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas.
I cannot sleep because I need to know.
I suppose that means that Simon likes blondes.
I mean, who will fear beautiful women?
For me, it is definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all of the characters and Bill Cosby was so funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a big fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now.
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70?
I am listening to it right now.
Angelina Jolie is much more attractive.
Why don't you urge the television management?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney, saw the sign that Disney left, then turned around and went home.
What were you and your father doing?
I totally love them. They are so good. Who else out there are dawgs that love Blink 182?
I just saw it last week.
It is so funny, that is why I love it.
Who knows? I guess it was just their time.
If that is the case, you can wait a little longer, can you not?
In an interview, boss, what is your wife's name?
I do not want to brag or anything, but I am very good.
I thought it was Missouri, which is in St. Louis.
I pick Angelina Jolie on this one, even though it is awful that she stole Brad from Jennifer.
I also thought Naomi Watts dress was odd and looked a little too big for her.
Rock music gives me a headache.
I would love to see either of them win.
My dad and I have bought about one thousand items together.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of The All-American Rejects.
I do not think so. I do not hate him.
And I do not even need to be gay.
What kind of person throws a funeral party?
Thank you for letting me vent about this terrible band.
I definitely would choose My Chemical Romance.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song they like.
Tell him that you think you might be pregnant.
I love Duran Duran, Madonna, and Air Supply.
I do not believe your mother is stupid at all.
You are going to have to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me either.
The blonde in the boat said, "This is a sea of wheat, of course."
Do not let it get to you.
He is a businessman. He spends money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz does not want Flav at all.
Stop being negative and get on with your life.
Paris and Jessica are both unintelligent and have no talent.
The last song of Madonna's which I liked was "American Pie." Sorry, I think her time is almost up.
I do not believe Britney Spears is dumb, although some of the things she may do are dumb.
It is one of the best songs out there.
It depends on what kind of gum you chew.
I like "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
He has to be a gentleman because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host of all time.
Kevin and Nfnhfnigbubjbni. I do not really watch American Idol.
Beyonce because she is younger and can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end.
I do not consider that a song.
Yes, and he is very attractive.
Aerosmith, Def Leopard, AC/DC, and Boston. Sorry I have four.
A little too excited if you ask me.
I have always liked Jennifer Love Hewitt and her birthday is the day after mine.
Why do they try to sound British?
Not everyone hates him, but that is why some hate him.
I do not think there is any chord like that.
Put icyhot or bengay I in his underwear or on his deoderant.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
The movie Get Rich or Die Trying, or Eminem's 8 Mile?
Pocket Taser Stun Gun is a great gift for the wife.
I love that show, but it would be great if they did a special reunion episode or something.
What are you doing back there? Let's go!
Zack Efron is the hottest guy alive.
That damned Burger King is creepy as hell.
Not me, but I know a lot of people that do.
You can use your information for free.
I cannot wait to see the new movie.
Please do not answer if you do not like them.
Well, I rather like Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looks at the Lone Ranger and says, "Doctor say you are going to die!"
$10 per ticket to see movies multiple times a week.
I do not know, but I have another one: yo mama so fat she had to get baptized at seaworld.
"Into My Heart" by Rachel Fuller.
Then I changed to New York City. Now I am onto Stephen Speaks.
They are obviously unintelligent, not just confused.
Moriaty, but who did the Peruvian play?
Well, it is not really a book, but it is a long comic.
I will be different and say vagina.
I just need the name of the movie. Thank you.
They are one of the best bands out there.
We call it a moo moo, she calls it lingere.
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer?
I would not believe that anyone could care.
Yes, sometimes I do not come home until late.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams and their new song Wake Me Up When September Ends.
She used to sing with M People.
We heard more great rock stars, but not very much great rap singers.
My little brother would ask something like that.
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore.
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you did already.
I would prefer a bad boy (thug) with a gentlemen side.
"California Girls" by David Lee Ford and Van Halen.
It is one of the best and original movies that I have ever seen.
With a great deal of therapy, he may even be able to walk again.
Greenday, what happened to you?
I also read an article about her being one of the highest paid actresses in the industry.
I do not know. I think that is the worst show ever.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought the internet was something you catch fish with.
The man is like a fine wine, it gets better with age.
As a long time Def Leppard fan, I would have to pick any and all from them.
I must have seen it in 1986 or something. I barely remember all the details. Can someone help me?
I believe that would be M.C.
Do you think that is the perfect answer?
Good question. Simon kind of stumped me with that one too.
I have not missed a single episode.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
You hit it on the money!
Reel Big Fish and Chronic Future are a couple of my favorites.
Talk to people who work for Disney.
I am not very fond of Billie.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the Superbowl.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is an awesome band with awesome vocals and lyrics.
Yes, try Aries. That is the one I was using.
If you will put where you live, I can give you a better one.
I really liked that movie and did not find Brad Pitt attractive in it.
However, I do not watch him that much.
Hey, is there anyone famous on here?
Go to limewire.com and download it.
Captain Picard, I like bald men and his accent.
This does happen, such as in Batman, when he was recovering and that blond guy took over for a bit.
He has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader said to the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, you could cheat, that is the second easiest way to win.
Taylor Hicks. Why? Because he is infectious with great talent. Taylor Hicks, all the way.
Can anyone help me with this?
I love it because I love the show and it goes on for so long.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
Purple and Music I think are 2.
He is crawling around with no feet.
The movie is double teamed.
I am with a gentleman, but he does not take crap from anyone.
Why is he not in jail?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The Joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman #1.
I do believe it is sung in French.
I cannot wait to ask my husband.
The other thing you look for is if he has very good feedback.
I like metal, rap and rock music, such as Linkin Park, but I do not like plain rock music.
"Oh, I do not know," says the man.
You have to really listen to the song.
A girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it.
I do not know what you are talking about.
She is not a very good singer, either.
Maya is my favorite because she is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you what it was.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie.
I hope not because that is very scary.
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it though, maybe it is a future storyline.
Independence Day is a little more sci-fi, but can be considered a disaster movie?
And no one ever had to worry about the chicken again.
I gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it. He thought it was hilarious.
I think more people listen to rap music today.
A little love, a box of wine, and that man-o-mine!
I had that dream when I was ten years old and I still remember it.
You fool, you already have a Star Wars name.
She is pretty and has good music. I am a music fanatic. I have all of her and Destiny's Child's Child CD's.
"Cry, Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin.
How is that going to happen after 4000 years?
I am looking for female impersonator clothing to buy and to look and/or wear.
Check out this website, they list a lot of TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
I like maybe two songs, but the rest are not good.
But he is just too cute, plus he is old. I have just always liked old bald men.
It wasn't the most hilarious, but it was great.
How many girls played drums at that time?
Chris is going all the way.
I like his music as well.
Tell him you think you are pregnant, but the child is not his.
It is so funny that National Lampoons lampoons Christmas vacation.
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is a lot older than her.
Yes, I was good, but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen "Father of the Bride" with Steve Martin in it?
It was sung by a girl. I need you more and more.
There are some good songs. No white songs like metallica.
It had to be the woman.
I turned my ears away.
Beasty boys, seriously. Bone thugs and harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as they are not very good.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is RAM?
Ghost Rider is from hell. I think he has a bit of evil in him.
The blonde on the highway said, "It is blondes like you that make blondes such as me look so stupid."
You have 1 and a half bricks.
I swore I saw that crazy guy who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS.
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant?
How many songs, artists, and albums?
I can pick up things with my toes. It really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
So I guess yours is not the only one.
I am just asking because people act like they do not care about them anymore.
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way.
You decide, but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can't you just see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later, they received a postcard from him.
No, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car, then roll down the window. If not, then unlock the door.
7th Heaven has younger kids, problems, and things like that.
She has become pretty pathetic and she is just there.
I still drum on my steering wheel and anything else I can find.
No, but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis.
Hey hey hey hey, hit me up!
It just happens naturally. Hey, that has happened to me before.
2 muffins are baking in an oven.
Eeew, it has drool all over it!
Nice gnawing you. How do you stop burglars from breaking into your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I think he is very attractive.
I love the hair metal music of Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, Slaughter, etc.
My favorite classic is The Golden Girls. Is that considered classic?
Yes, they knew without a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her.
It is funny at 60, but not so much at 80.
He is easy to hate.
I knew you would ask that.
Of course ABBA of course. They ruled those days and even now I do not think they have lost their popularity.
I need help with this reaserch project.
I know how to read tabs.
So I am glad I have this to do.
No, not if she survives, or any of her family.
Yes, rudy. I think that is her name because she is a good student.
Yes, I love it because I am disabled due to my cousin's disease. It gives me something to do.
I think she is adorable. I am going to steal your man because I can.
I did not even know they all existed.
I do not know, but I want that 2, off the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rocker man.
She is only famous for her family's money.
I like Kirstie Alley because she is good, cool, and does not care about anything.
Your name is really good acting. If she takes this seriously, I think she can go far.
Is that a Goos tool for mixing songs?
It would be very wrong.
She dies in episode 310 of "Losing the Light" which is very sad.
That was not a nice thing to do.
This riddle is old news.
That said, Aerosmith, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica have all done great stuff, too.
I do not care about the question, but you are very attractive.
He is incredible. I mean, took my breath away kind of stuff.
He is so attractive that I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him.
He just gave his opponent that don't mess with me look and went at it.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
It would be better if you could sing that song in front of her.
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time.
I tried to like him, but I just can't.
Yes, I like their songs very much.
It is a chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one was also good, but I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball beat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin, of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that a Scorpio respects.
I like their music, but there are way too many tattoos for me.
Does gay still mean happy?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian.
Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and The Simpsons.
I like almost all rock music, though.
The used's I caught fire in your eyes.
I know ways in which they could have made it much worse.
Just turn it on and off.
LP stands for Linkin Park as well.
What in the world do we have now?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone.
Rock, modern rap is disgusting and has no rhythm.
Why can you not rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stopped and his mother quickly started pulling the covers around her.
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
I have known people to urinate in their pants.
My aunt just sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban.
Screw it back in and give it a try.
They are all over the place there.
You can see it's breath and it will have icicles on it's nose.
I am just joking, but they are not very good.
I would take magic over glow any day.
Thanks so much if anybody can help!
No, I think they are stupid.
Good luck trying to hack my lock.
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount?
Is it salmon or some kind of fish?
Now you can get some sleep.
Saw is still at the top of my list, but Final Destination was good.
He is so funny and he seems so sweet.
You will actually have an experience to back it up.
I love Tyra, but I have to go with Angelina Jolie.
The Schindler's List is the best movie I have ever seen.
The boy says that you are wasting your time.
He will not say anything to the girl parrot.
"I just called to say "I love you" is great!
Ask her on a date and treat her like a lady. Tell her she is the one you are dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her and she is not going to beat me either.
Because of her, I am writing music with a happy tone.
I would not know for sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks' show.
Orlando Bloom or Chad M. Murray are both very attractive.
I think they are somewhat true. I believe in ruling planets a lot.
If I download any In Flames song, the RIAA cannot sue me, right?
I want to listen to good music, but I do not know what I should listen to.
I do not know. Good luck looking for a job.
He is an evil person who should be incarcerated for false advertising.
I have never heard of them, but the actual awards are very funny.
Just play and have fun, and maybe you will be lucky and win.
I have seen the movie as well.
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
Say you are pregnant and say not from you from someone else.
Chris and Kelly all the way.
Yes, I heard that they broke up as well.
Yes, he is very attractive and so is his music.
For the first time, I saw your face.
Who sings the song? I do not like the looks of it.
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I am not a little scary so I can do all the things that they do.
What the hell do you mean?
No, he said that he liked her. That is what the rumor was.
It is a genetic super cool monster full of charm, humor, and good looks.
What is the maximum speed at which a couple can make love?
I was reading an answer of yours and am impressed. You are cool.
He also looks as creepy as hell.
She is just a useless slob making money over other people's troubles.
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing.
Yes, I know that was lame.
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny.
The doctor asked, "What on earth have you been up to?"
One of you would have to sing.
Why don't you share where you are from?
Oprah of course, because she gives better advice and has done it longer.
I have liked them since I was a child.
I like how Maya keeps it real.
Sell the baby to the movies.
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it, but maybe I should name it Jet.
Have you ever heard the last song on the Albulm Having a Roni album?
Your mother is so unattractive that she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I want to make Fullmetal Alchemist videos.
Beyonce cannot sing, dance, or act, and neither can Rihanna.
It is just a funny question.
He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close.
People wonder why he is not married.
There is this song. I have no clue what it is.
I think most girls think "Wow Carmen Electra looks good" and move on.
Paris Hilton, but Jessica is right under her.
I like oldies, old school rap, rap, pop, and anything but hard rock.
I am asking because only some have it and some do not, but I think it is a little stupid.
I think they make a cute couple. I am happy for them.
Not at all. I really do not think in Spanish either. They rap about stupid stuff.
I am famous for inventing a hanger.
What is your question, loser?
Can't think of the title, "Take That First Step?"
Mix in some commonly known songs as well.
That sounds good to me. How about the rest of you?
I saw II very gorey. I like it and mean girls and shark tale. I have kids.
Anything is possible, all you have to do is dream.
Even if you dislike that kind of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp.
However, if it comes to wits, George Clooney would win.
I am not a fan of rock music, but I dislike George Clooney.
I do not really live here.
I met a girl whose name was Cherry Fudge.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are way out front.
I think it is really fun to read.
I enjoy Monopoly, Nintendo, Mario Brothers, and Softball.
Well, there is no drink.
No, he did not die. He is just old.
How does your friends not know that show?
Hello, my name is Elvis and you may have heard of me.
I did hear the Bjork-Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman and I do not care if she came from here.
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anybody tell me what the title of Kill Bill's song is?
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood.
Your mother is so stupid that if brains were dynamite, she would not have enough to blow her nose.
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are awesome!
I hope you find this one funny.
I love Limewire and it is great to get the latest music.
Taxes, gas, inflation, and my ego!
The key is that you fell asleep.
Although all three are just one big movie.
Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's movies.
Fall Out Boy is my favorite band.
I do not know who any of them are.
She wanted children and got married. She did it and will not end up regretting it.
One bottle of Captain Morgan will do the trick. I am heading north and will meet you at the library.
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us.
The song "It's Chico Time" by the band Chico is embarrassing.
U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
I hate it so much that I cannot take it anymore.
For example, Shuichi likes to read manga everyday.
Do not call it a Christian band.
It is very easy to pick up.
"Mine is the pleasure of my company" by Steve Martin.
Gentleman, and I thank God everyday for the one that I have!
Just kidding, Mc Hammer, back when he had money and fame.
Are you gay? People are so stupid. Did you see Donnie Darko?
I love the guitar and the drums.
Any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good. She has picked some great roles so far.
The worst I have had is broken items.
I actually do not like them at all.
It is the best metal band ever.
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD.
You know they always think that the stupidest things are funny.
If so, who are you and why are you famous?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up.
I actually made this one up, but I can't tell if people think it is funny or not.
I think they both stink. If I had to pick one, it would be the Italian job.
Lol. Girls need to be a little of everything.
Watching the baby cow suck on the mother cow.
It ended. You can get it on dvd if you want to see Shawn.
Not really, but that is just my opinion.
I used to like it, but it frightens me now.
That, to me, made the movie a bit impressive.
Dude, why are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite television program, second only to The Simpsons.
Not long, if they were even really together at all.
"Under the Tuscan Sun" with Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world and everyone likes me there.
Why do some men think it is funny when they pass gas?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
When you do not miss that person anymore, your eyes do not light up.
I do not know because I have never tried it.
I do not know, but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
How was I supposed to pick one?
Let's get together.
I loved her in the 1980's.
Do they erase it all the time?
My favorite English song is "Kiss from a Rose" by Seal.
I like them both and want to see what you think.
Yes, I think I have it.
Anime is an animation version of a manga.
My mother is a Taurus while my father is a Scorpio. They are still happy together, so I would say yes.
I can email it to you. If that does not work, try Limewire.
If they do not like him, that is fine.
He just wishes he could tap that.
Probably AC/DC or Guns N Roses.
I have been wanting to get back into it because it was sounding pretty darn good.
The song is Dirty Little Secret by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eyes and said hello.
It is funny, but really, really stupid.
She has great songs such as "Check Up On It" with Slim Thug.
So what are we supposed to do?
Note: I am not looking for the Aladdin movie.
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal, then they are going to scare you.
It is too bad he retired at 40 years old.
Well, they probably can't see anything at first.
I am glad someone finally asked this question.
No, I am a Scorpio.
I did not know there was going to be an Incredibles 2.
Eminem is one hot sexy son of a bitch.
He is a greasy looking little feller and he always seems to need a shave.
List your best April Fools pranks here.
I do not understand Drama Queens.
I need to know the name of the movie from the 1980's.
I used to be a fan as well.
Nothing short of a diamond ring.
I am not sure, but these two points put me at 1001.
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat arse, not a booty.
I definitely do not want a thug.
Check it out on Yahoo movies.
Do you have any ideas on how to do that?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallvill, and Nip Tuck.
Yes, I actually bought one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
Read numbers upside down and right side up.
Yes, I think I am. I have a lot of people say I am to.
What is her whole name?
The Parent Trap is one of my favorite movies.
Your mother is so unattractive that Bigfoot takes pictures of her.
It is either a headstone or a coffin.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, but a stupid person cannot.
I just do not understand Emo or Screamo.
Their relationship is dead on arrival.
I do not really know about the children, though.
I have tried to watch it, but I just can't.
The Click Five are great. Their songs are out of this world.
What is your favorite bit in "Gilmore Girls"?
How did that guy stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never works out perfectly.
It is hard to say, but I am thinking either Kevin, Bucky, or Melissa because she messed up the lyrics.
No, it is not funny, but it was made to be hated and remembered.
It is bugging me and I want to hear it.
And of course miracles can happen!
Whether it is country or classic rock, make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird.
If that is not hard enough, System of a Down rules.
I do not know about the videos, but you can download songs at itunes.com or limeware.com.
I must agree with American Idol.
Not really, we are just not well understood.
I found it and still find it irresistible.
Yes, it is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day. I love all the songs, especially "Boulvard of Broken Dreams".
I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I am going to take a closer look at my Disney's pictures.
He is in She's the Man.
You can try it because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why don't you throw a new life party?
No, I am not gay either.
But I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
Actually, I am watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror flick in the 1970's or 1980's.
I admit that I have new kids on the block.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers, of course.
I say the same as everyone else.
Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp are definitely the hottest men in the world.
But since you asked, I think rap is way better.
I am a handsome, dashing, and cool person who you cannot get.
Flute, because that is what I can play.
It is not great, but it is not bad either.
I want him and will call him money.
A bad boy too because they have everything and are playful.
So you have to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
I still like both bands.
She just did a spread in King Magazine.
Tyra Banks is my idol and I think she is pretty, but I heard a rumor that she is pregnant.
I would go out there and kick your butt right now, but I can't swim.
Wow, that is a tough one.
It goes like this.
If so, what is your opinion on it?
I am crazy about Boulevard of Broken Dreamz.
I do not think it is strange at all.
She took on armed guards at a palace in Turkey.
He fired his sister because he cannot keep his mouth shut.
Babbie Mitchell played Clara in the first broadway production. There have been five revivals. See the rest here.
You are going to Saint Ives.
He is a control freak.
However, "Journey" is completely awesome.
Whenever I think of her, I feel great.
You are right, I cannot answer it.
But I guess these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps.
James, both of them are terrible. Rap music is not good.
I just need some sick or ill rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
No, they are not, but thank you for your two points.
Hermionie, no, Tonks, no wait, it is Snape.
I used to watch it until season four, when it got too boring.
Oh yes sister, check this website out.
Here we are, so what are you going to do?
I used to be a fan as well.
That sounds like my kind of girl.
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
Yes, there is one called DOC Watson.
When you find out, please let me know.
I do not understand why anyone likes that movie.
It should be free to download and easy to use with features such as looping and fading.
However, it can also generally mean Japanese comic books, like a genre.
I heard there is going to be a sequel.
I have always loved his work. He is an excellent actor.
And sure enough, he did just what he said.
Try being nice and talking to her. Do not worry about your signs, they are not always right.
I am adding some new favorites to my collection, why not try Stained's new one right here?
I like the man because he is funny and down to earth.
Your mother is so stupid that under Education on her job application, she put Hooked on Phonics.
I am confused. Are you looking for someone or one?
I would love to be her and have a lot of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
For no reason, I guess. I am doing it pretty fast, am I?
He is rich and can look like that if he wants to.
Do not try to impress her, if she likes you she will come to you.
In rap music you can ryhmn and spit garbage, but in rock music you cannot make fun of people.
There should be a category for the best questions.
I haven't seen it yet, but I can't wait until it is on DVD.
It was great and made me cry a lot.
The song "Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
Damn, I think it is impossible to choose just one.
I go high listerningh to them.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time.
Of course Simon always disagrees. He is pretty good about his judgements, but he is harsh.
Yes, but they are unknown artists.
I do not know because my head hurts.
I do not know how long ago they ended the relationship.
I love watching my little guy try to act out the things with them.
That was nice how you got him back.
I just did not think that he would jump again.
I do not hate him, but he is weird. I am amazed that this got 33 answers in 50 minutes. Congratulations.
For me, that is exactly what I am looking for.
I even watch the reruns now.
Yes, I think Paula was loving everyone this week. Was she on ecstasy or something?
She was willing to make a complete mess of herself for two whole seasons of newlyweds.
Although the song is fairly new, it sounds very old school.
At the disco, I write sins, not tragedies.
"Video Killed the Radio Star" by The Bugles.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde?
So, no, I do not think so.
I think they are over-paid and definitely over-celebrated.
This is the best movie in the world.
However, I think four people would be better.
Do not worry, you will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks.
That was me before I had my operation.
There is a blonde driving down the highway.
Eminem is a poser. I pick get rich or die trying.
Put parental control on or use web site ratings.
You can tell she really cared about her crew.
I love this song very much.
Try searching the internet or looking for bugs.
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic!
A chicken, because God cannot lay eggs.
To those of you asking if the asker of this question is gay, it does not matter.
It depends on who messes up.
If I had to choose, I would probably choose either Mario or Vin Diesel.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not a little racist, it is a lot racist.
It goes something like that for the chorus.
So it is probably more than that.
Have you ever wondered why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born, she kept you.
The chicken because it had to hatch the egg.
Happy Days was the best.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna, so she needs to stop pretending.
I ask the people who answered this question, "Where are your jocks?"
Tell him you hate him and that you are finding someone different.
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
I have never forgiven her for that.
It is a great source, just download it.
The word you are looking for is strengths.
When I first started listening to music, I loved rap music.
I never told my parents before, but I mentioned it once and they said nothing and did not care.
Yes, but you are going to anyway, so why even ask?
I used to play the flute, but once I started playing the sax, I got hooked.
If you like Family Guy, you should love American Dad.
They have their own songs and they actually play their own music.
We will have a very good time.
Yes, a PSP, but I would not get a PSP for a child under 13 years old.
If you want to live and talk and dream about, I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I love it. I will keep you my dirty little secret.
I suppose it is the blond from "American Idol."
If you are able to answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called Epic. I cannot remember the artist, but it is a banging tune.
Hey Mar, that commercial is for Dairy Queen. I just thought I'd let you know.
